What was the name of the Super Bowl 50? 
Who was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). Who defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game? 
How many sacks did The Broncos take an early lead in Super Bowl 50? 
What was the third most watched U.S. broadcast ever? 
In what year did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell declare that the NFL planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular"? 
Who narrowed the bids to three sites? 
When did the league announce that the two finalists were Sun Life Stadium and Levi's Stadium? 
What was the first Super Bowl held in San Francisco Bay Area since Super Bowl XIX in 1985? 
Who was one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss? 
Who was the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978? 
Who led the Panthers offense in scoring? 
Who led the Panthers in interceptions with 24? 
What did the Broncos lose in the divisional round of the previous season's playoffs? 
Who did Manning finish the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating? 
What was the first time the Broncos' defense ranked first in the NFL yards allowed? 
Who beat the Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round of the NFC Championship Game? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who suffered a major setback when Thomas Davis went down with a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game? 
Who led the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII? 
What was the first Super Bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the #1 pick in their draft classes? 
Who was a linebacker with the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX? 
What was Levi's Stadium's field of a high enough quality to host a Super Bowl? 
Who used the San Jose State practice facility? 
When did the NFL announce that the practice of branding Super Bowl games with Roman numerals would be temporarily suspended? 
How many gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 NFL season to tie into the "Golden Super Bowl"? 
What was the annual NFL Experience held at the Moscone Center in San Francisco? 
What was the name of the game's media day? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee and the NFL? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee? 
What will the winner of Super Bowl 50 receive? 
What was the name of the televised game in the United States? 
Who provided digital streams of the game via CBSSports.com? 
What was CBS's lead-out program for Super Bowl 50? 
When did CBS set the base rate for a 30-second ad at $5,000,000? 
Who paid for movie trailers to be aired during the Super Bowl? 
Who will carry the game throughout North America? 
What is the name of the flagship stations in the markets of each team? 
Which BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Live Sports Extra will carry the contest? 
Which Grammy winner performed the national anthem? 
When did reports surface that "multiple acts" would perform during the halftime show? 
Who completed an 18-yard pass to Owen Daniels and a 22-yard throw to Andre Caldwell? 
What was the first fumble return touchdown in a Super Bowl since Super Bowl XXVIII? 
What did Carolina finish with a 9-play, 73-yard scoring drive? 
What linebacker recovered on the Broncos 40-yard line? 
What did the Panthers score on their opening drive of the second half? 
What did the Broncos drive to the Panthers 41-yard line in the third quarter? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive? 
Who finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns? 
Who was the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the Saxon Garden? 
What are the 13 natural reserves in Warsaw? 
What was the most diverse city in Poland? 
What was the oldest and most influential Polish academic center in Poland? 
What was the University Library founded in 1816? 
What did Warsaw do during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy? 
What is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What is the Teatr Wielki, the Polish National Opera, the Chamber Opera, the National Philharmonic Hall and the National Theatre? 
When was the Summer Theatre in operation in Ogród Saski? 
How many commemorative events take place every year in Warsaw? 
What is one of the largest collections of art posters in the world? 
When is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located? 
What is the name of the mermaid? 
What is the name of Triton's daughters? 
Who was a famous artist born in Warsaw? 
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world? 
When did Kraków serve as the Polish capital city? 
What is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese? 
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language? 
What were the first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw? 
In what year did Warsaw become the seat of the General Sejm? 
When was Warsaw annexed to become the capital of South Prussia? 
What was Warsaw occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918? 
When was Warsaw defended until the end of the Second World War? 
When was the Red Army deep into Poland? 
When was the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign initiated? 
In what year did John Paul II visit his native country? 
What is the highest point on the left side of Warsaw? 
What is the specific axis of Warsaw that divides Warsaw into two parts? 
What is the pattern of the Vistula terraces asymmetrical? 
What was Warsaw razed to the ground during the Second World War by bombing raids and planned destruction? 
What is the most notable example of Gothic architecture in the city? 
What is one of the best examples of rococo architecture in Warsaw? 
What was the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture? 
How many places commemorate the heroic history of Warsaw? 
What is the oldest park in Praga? 
What is the flora of Warsaw considered very rich in? 
In what year did c. 1,300,000 people live in Warsaw? 
What percentage of Warsaw's inhabitants were Catholics, 35.7% Jews, 5% Greek orthodox Christians and 2.8% Protestants? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? 
What is the name of the town council in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the mayor of Warsaw? 
In what year did 304,016 companies be registered in Warsaw? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? 
What is the name of the FSO Car Factory? 
What is the capital and largest city of Poland? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 10th and 11th centuries? 
What was the name of the Norman dynasty? 
What is the French word Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant? 
What was the name of the Duchy of Normandy? 
What was the name of the Viking settlers that began arriving in the 880s? 
Who would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism and Gallo-Romance? 
When did the Normans adopt the feudal doctrines of the rest of France? 
When did the Normans enter the Mezzogiorno as warriors? 
Who received the county of Aversa in 1030? 
Who captured Sicily and Malta from the Saracens? 
What did the Normans combine with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to form a unique government? 
What was the name of the Normans who entered the Byzantine Empire? 
What was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general in the 1050s? 
How many families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration? 
What was Robert Guiscard's vassal? 
How many years after the First Crusade were the Normans under the command of Bohemond? 
What was the third attack of Byzantine state-of-affairs in 1185? 
What was the name of the Normans who were in contact with England from an early date? 
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge? 
In what year did Duke William II conquer England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings? 
What language became distinct from the Latin language during the Hundred Years' War? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 1169 invasion of Bannow Bay? 
Who was one of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror? 
What was the name of the Normans who came into Scotland? 
What was the name of the Norman Conquest of England? 
When did the Marches come under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons? 
When did the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality? 
Who was the de facto leader of the Crusade during the siege of Amalfi? 
What forces of the Third Crusade conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of Cyprus? 
In what year did Richard leave Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre? 
How many princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time? 
When was Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre? 
When was Cyprus sold to the Knights Templar? 
Who took the title of King of the Canary Islands? 
What was the customary law of Normandy developed between the 10th and 13th centuries? 
What is a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued? 
In what country did the period of Norman architecture succeed? 
In what century did the dukes begin a programme of church reform? 
What is the most famous work of Norman art? 
What type of artwork survives in Britain? 
What was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century? 
How many monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil? 
Who was Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla pursue in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship? 
Who was born into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan in 1856? 
Who was the fourth of five children? 
In what year did Tesla move to Karlovac to attend school at the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what year did Tesla return to his birthtown in Smiljan? 
In what year did Tesla evade being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army? 
In what year did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
In what year did Tesla leave Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school? 
When was Milutin Tesla returned to Gospi under police guard? 
In what year did Tesla's uncles put together enough money to help him leave Gospi? 
When did Tesla move to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás? 
In what year did Tesla start working for the Continental Edison Company? 
In what year was Tesla offered the task of redesigning Edison's direct current generators? 
What company did Tesla partner with in 1886? 
In what year did Tesla meet Alfred S. Brown, a Western Union superintendent, and New York attorney Charles F. Peck? 
What was one of the things Tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system at the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1888? 
What year did Tesla work in Pittsburgh to create an alternating current system to power the city's streetcars? 
What was Westinghouse's first AC system in 1886? 
Who won the bid to light the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago? 
In what year did Richard Dean Adams lead the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company? 
What was the name of the conglomerate General Electric in the mid 1890s? 
When did Tesla become a naturalized citizen of the United States? 
When did Tesla serve as vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
In what year did Tesla begin investigating what? 
What did Tesla mention in his notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon? 
When did Benjamin Lamme make great progress developing an efficient version of Tesla's induction motor? 
When did the New York Herald Tribune publish an article on Tesla? 
In what year did Tesla demonstrate a radio-controlled boat to the public? 
What was Tesla's lab located near Foote Ave. and Kiowa St? 
What was Tesla observing from lightning storms? 
How many volts of artificial lightning were produced? 
In what year did Tesla fault a power station generator? 
In what year did Tesla speak to reporter Julian Hawthorne? 
In what year did John Jacob Astor IV invest $100,000 for Tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system? 
What was Tesla's lab torn down in 1904? 
What did Tesla ask for to build a more powerful transmitter? 
In what year did Marconi send the letter S to Newfoundland? 
How many rpm bladeless turbines did Tesla demonstrate on his 50th birthday? 
Who invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator? 
In what year did Tesla create a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity? 
When was the Wardenclyffe Tower demolished? 
What was the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla biographers claim that Edison and Tesla were the original recipients of the $20,000 prize money? 
In what year did Tesla receive one of 38 possible bids? 
When did the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company begin paying Tesla $125 per month? 
In what year did Tesla announce a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance? 
In what year did Tesla leave the Hotel New Yorker to feed the pigeons? 
What did Tesla claim about a "teleforce" weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator? 
In what year did Tesla say that the death ray is not an experiment... I have built, demonstrated and used it? 
When did Tesla write a treatise about charged particle beam weapons? 
In what period did Tesla say that efforts had been made to steal the invention? 
Who died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943? 
Who ordered the Alien Property Custodian to seize Tesla's belongings? 
When did the mayor of New York read a eulogy written by Louis Adamic live over the WNYC radio? 
How many patents were obtained worldwide for Tesla's inventions? 
What restaurant did Tesla work every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later? 
When did Tesla walk between 8 to 10 miles per day? 
In what interview did Tesla say that he did not believe in telepathy? 
When did Tesla walk to the park to feed the pigeons? 
Who was Tesla 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighed 142 pounds from 1888 to 1926? 
What language did Tesla speak in his autobiography? 
What was Tesla's second year of study at Graz? 
What was Tesla's chastity helpful to his scientific abilities? 
Who was Tesla prone to seclude himself with his work? 
Who was a good friend of Tesla? 
When did Tesla fire a secretary because of her weight? 
What was Tesla's pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings? 
What was Tesla generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy? 
In what year did Tesla claim to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy? 
Who became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics? 
In what year did Tesla comment on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality? 
Who made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-World War I environment in a printed article? 
What did Tesla consider himself a "believer in the orthodox sense"? 
What was Tesla's article published in 1937? 
Who wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals? 
How many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web? 
What genre of science fiction has Tesla endured? 
Who put Tesla on its cover on Tesla's 75th birthday in 1931? 
What is a problem regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources? 
What is a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computability theory? 
What is the input string for a computational problem referred to as? 
What is the difference between a problem and an instance? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet? 
What is an example of a decision problem? 
What is a computational problem where a single output (of a total function) is expected for every input? 
What is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems? 
How much time does the best algorithm require to solve a computational problem? 
When the input size is n, the time taken can be expressed as a function of n? 
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine? 
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic Turing machine, which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions? 
How many types of Turing machines are used to define complex classes? 
What type of machine models have been proposed in the literature? 
What is a non-deterministic Turing machine allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once? 
What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
What are the most well-known complexity resources? 
What are the three different ways of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size? 
What algorithm solves the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input? 
What is the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem? 
What is the difference between the upper and lower bounds? 
What does a typical complexity class have? 
What is the language xx | x can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine? 
What can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm? 
What is the class of all decision problems? 
What is DTIME(n) contained in DTIME(n2)? 
What does the time hierarchy theorem tell us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME? 
How many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction? 
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction, which means that the reduction process takes polynomial time? 
What is hard for a complexity class? 
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm? 
The graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic? 
The integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer? 
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? 
What is the class containing the complement problems? 
What is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space? 
What are problems that can be solved in theory? 
What means intractability in practice is open to debate? 
What was the definition of Turing machines by Alan Turing in 1936? 
What paper did Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns write about computational complexity? 
What is John Myhill's definition of linear bounded automata? 
What do some proofs of complex theoretic theorems often assume? 
In what year did Manuel Blum develop an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms? 
What is a formal and ongoing role of teacher? 
What is a teacher's role? 
In some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling? 
What type of teaching may be carried out informally, within the family, or in the wider community? 
What does a teacher's professional duties extend beyond formal teaching? 
What are some bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers? 
What are the functions of the teacher's colleges? 
What is a teacher who teaches on an individual basis? 
What is a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills, knowledge and/or thinking skills? 
What is typically a course of study, lesson plan, or practical skill? 
What does pedagogy involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills? 
What is the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching? 
What is true in most of the United States as well? 
What has become a new trend amongst educational institutions? 
What was the most common form of school discipline in the history of education? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline in the world? 
How many US states have banned corporal punishment? 
What type of punishment is commonly used in schools in Asian, African and Caribbean countries? 
What is one of the most common punishments in schools in the United States, the UK, Ireland, Singapore? 
What is a modern example of school discipline in North America and Western Europe? 
What is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics? 
What is the stereotypical view of East Asian classrooms? 
Where are school class sizes typically 40 to 50 students? 
What does Sudbury model democratic schools claim that can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike? 
What can teachers affect how students perceive the course materials? 
What can lead to students who are more likely to be engaged, interested, energetic, and curious about learning the subject matter? 
What is a mechanism by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation? 
What are student motivation and attitudes towards school closely linked to? 
What are teachers that spend more time working directly with students perceived as supportive and effective teachers? 
What is the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching? 
How many students in the U.S. claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education? 
What was a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional? 
How many high-profile cases have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct in the United States? 
Who said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register? 
What can negatively impact teachers' mental and physical health, productivity, and students' performance? 
What percentage of UK teachers experienced occupational stress? 
What can be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers? 
What are many similarities and differences among teachers around the world? 
What is education in Australia primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories? 
What is a post-secondary degree required to become a qualified teacher? 
What is the name of the special university classes in Germany? 
What is the basic pay for a starting teacher in Ireland? 
Who is required to be registered with the Teaching Council? 
From 2006 has Garda vetting been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession? 
What was the salary for Nursery, Primary and Secondary School teachers in September 2007? 
How many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching? 
What salary year did unpromoted teachers earn from £20,427 for a Probationer? 
In what year did 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools use Welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction? 
Who can be registered members of trade unions in Wales? 
What is the average teacher salary for US teachers? 
What is a strong tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical Christian traditions? 
What is an office in the Aaronic priesthood? 
What is the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? 
In Tibetan Buddhism the teachers of Dharma are most commonly called a Lama in Tibet. 
Who was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation? 
Who taught that salvation and eternal life is not earned by good deeds? 
What was his translation of the Bible in the vernacular that made it more accessible? 
What was Martin Luther born to? 
In what year did he enter the University of Erfurt? 
What was Luther's father's wish? 
Who dedicated himself to the Augustinian order? 
In 1507 was von Staupitz ordained to the priesthood? 
Who was awarded a Doctor of Theology on 19 October 1512? 
When did Luther write to his bishop, Albert of Mainz, protest the sale of indulgences? 
Who claimed indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation? 
What was Tetzel's teaching on indulgences for the dead? 
What is the story of the posting on the door? 
Who translated the 95 Theses from Latin into German in January 1518? 
What year did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? 
When did Luther teach on the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians? 
What was Luther's teaching in 1525? 
When did Luther's rediscovery of "Christ and His salvation" become the foundation for the Reformation? 
What did Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg do not reply to Luther's letter? 
What was Pope Leo X used to reformers and heretics? 
In what year did the papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz adopt a more conciliatory approach? 
When did Luther appear as ordered before the Diet of Worms? 
Who was the assistant of the Archbishop of Trier? 
When did Luther raise his arm in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout? 
Who refused to recant his writings? 
What was the final draft of the Edict of Worms? 
What was Luther's disappearance during his return trip to Wittenberg planned? 
When did Luther write to Melanchthon on the same theme? 
In what year did Luther extend his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices? 
Who dealt with prophecy in 1521? 
In what year did Andreas Karlstadt embark on a radical programme of reform in Wittenberg? 
Who returned to Wittenberg on 6 March 1522? 
Who wrote to the elector: "Oh, what joy has Dr. Martin's return spread among us?" 
What did Luther next set about reversing or modifying the new church practices? 
Who helped instigate the German Peasants' War of 1524–25? 
What was Luther's response to the Twelve Articles? 
What did Luther justify his opposition to the rebels on three grounds? 
When did the Swabian League defeat the Swabian League at the Battle of Frankenhausen? 
What year did Martin Luther marry Katharina von Bora? 
Who did Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage? 
When did Luther and his wife move into a monastery? 
When did Luther find himself increasingly occupied in organising a new church? 
What did Luther do to avoid confusing or upsetting the people? 
In what year did Luther write a German Mass? 
Who introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the Electorate of Saxony? 
How did Luther devise the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of Christianity to the congregations? 
What is one of Luther's most personal works? 
What was Luther's Small Catechism used to help parents teach their children? 
What was Luther's German translation of the New Testament published in 1522? 
Who used the variant of German spoken at the Saxon chancellery? 
When did Luther's version become a popular and influential Bible translation? 
When did Luther write hymns such as "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott"? 
What was Luther's hymn often evoked by in his life and the unfolding Reformation? 
What is Luther's hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer? 
Who wrote "Ach Gott, vom Himmel sieh darein"? 
How many of Luther's hymns were included in early Lutheran hymnals? 
What did Johann Sebastian Bach include as chorales in his cantatas? 
When did Francis Blackburne argue that John Jortin misread the passages of Luther's Commentary on Genesis? 
In what year did Philip I convoke an assembly of German and Swiss theologians at the Marburg Colloquy? 
What is the meaning of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper? 
In what year did the Marburg Colloquy pave the way for the signing of the Augsburg Confession? 
In what year did Luther write that Jesus Christ was born a Jew? 
When was Suleiman the Magnificent besieging Vienna? 
In what year did Luther read a Latin translation of the Qur'an? 
What is Luther's second use of the law? 
What are the beginnings of the renewed life of Christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism? 
Who became involved in the bigamy of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse? 
What did Luther write about the Jews during his career? 
Who tried to help the Jews of Saxony in 1537? 
Who was the most widely read author of his generation? 
When did seven Protestant regional church confederations issue a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing Jews to wear the yellow badge? 
What is the heart of scholars' debate about Luther's influence? 
What did other scholars argue that, even if his views were merely anti-Judaic? 
When did Lutheran Church denominations repudiate Martin Luther's statements against the Jews? 
What was Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, and a cataract in one eye? 
What was Luther's poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments? 
What was Luther's last sermon delivered at Eisleben on 15 February 1546? 
What was Luther's final journey to Mansfeld? 
When did the negotiations begin? 
When did an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech? 
What was Luther's last statement? 
What were printed images of Luther that emphasized his monumental size crucial to the spread of Protestantism? 
What is Southern California a geographic and cultural region? 
What is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States? 
What is Southern California's population? 
Where is the Colorado Desert and the Colorado River at the border with Arizona? 
What is Los Angeles the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States? 
Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside are the five most populous counties in the state? 
What is the name associated with the motion picture, television, and music industry? 
What is Southern California's home grown surf and skateboard culture? 
How many locals and tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches? 
What is the name of California's north-south midway point? 
What was the name of the northern boundary of southern California? 
In what year did the Los Angeles Times define southern California as? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States? 
What is the main gap to continued urbanization? 
What is a Mediterranean climate in Southern California? 
What is one of the more varied collections of geologic, topographic, and natural ecosystem landscapes in Southern California? 
How many earthquakes are observed in the southern California area each year? 
What can produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake? 
What is Southern California divided culturally, politically, and economically into distinctive regions? 
What is Southern California's Combined Statistical Area? 
What are the two largest cities in all of California? 
What is the largest economy in the United States? 
What have been major industries since the 1920s? 
What are the major business districts in Southern California? 
What are the major business districts of Downtown Burbank, Downtown Santa Monica, Downtown Glendale and Downtown Long Beach? 
What are the business districts of San Bernardino-Riverside? 
What is Orange County a rapidly developing business center that includes Downtown Santa Ana, the South Coast Metro and Newport Center districts? 
What is the central business district of San Diego? 
How many lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles? 
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located? 
What is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base? 
What is the name of the professional sports teams in Southern California? 
What was the name of the two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? 
What are the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans both field teams in the NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference? 
What is a growing sport in southern California? 
What was BSkyB's largest digital subscription television company? 
What did the European Commission consider the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition and the consumer? 
What was BSkyB excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium? 
What did BSkyB initially charge for using a Sky+ PVR? 
What is the name of the videoGuard pay-TV scrambling system owned by BSkyB? 
When did Virgin Media and BSkyB become involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV? 
What was the idea of converting BSkyB's business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept? 
What is the name of the British telecommunications company that serves the United Kingdom? 
What is the Sky Q range of products and services to be available in 2016? 
What is BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in? 
When was Sky Digital launched? 
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service? 
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? 
What is a universal Ku band LNB which is fitted at the end of the dish? 
What year did ITV hold talks for the broadcast rights for the Premier League? 
Who has no veto over the presence of channels on BSkyB's EPG? 
What was BSkyB's digital service officially launched on 1 October 1998? 
When did Virgin Media start to offer a high-definition television (HDTV) capable set top box? 
In what year did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service become available in 10 million homes? 
How much does the new deal include for the channels? 
What is Victoria's total gross state product ranked second in Australia? 
How many Chinese miners worked in Victoria? 
In what year did the Victorian Legislative Council elections be held under a new multi-member proportional representation system? 
About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian? 
What is Victoria in the south-east of Australia? 
In what year did Great Britain claim the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east? 
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain? 
What constitution was enacted by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1975? 
What are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts? 
What is the name of the public schools in Victoria? 
What is the name of the major car brands Ford, Toyota and Holden? 
How many topographically, geologically and climatically diverse areas are found in Victoria? 
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria? 
How many private and public railway operators operate on government-owned lines in Victoria? 
How many seats in the Australian House of Representatives are in the Australian House of Representatives? 
What was the name of the first Victorian Legislative Council issued on 1 July 1851? 
How many public schools did Victoria have as of August 2010? 
What is the centre of dairy farming in Australia? 
What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines built in mountainous areas? 
What was the name of the colony of New South Wales? 
What was the name of the rebellion against the government of Victoria in 1854? 
Who is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly? 
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04? 
What do major events play a big part in Victoria's tourism? 
When did the Huguenots peaked near an estimated two million? 
What was the name Huguenot used in derision? 
What was important to the spread of the Protestant movement and development of the Reformed church in France? 
What was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope? 
In what year did the Huguenots settle in New France? 
What was the name of the first Huguenot church in North America? 
What was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic? 
How many Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century? 
What was the height of the persecution of the Huguenots? 
By 1620 the Huguenots were on the defensive, and the government increasingly applied pressure? 
How many Protestants in modern France represent 2% of its population? 
What is the oldest street in the United States of America? 
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees in the Dutch Republic after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes? 
Who was the gate of King Hugo haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet? 
What was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830? 
How many Huguenots were exodus from France created a brain drain? 
What was the pattern of warfare followed by brief periods of peace? 
What did the revocation forbade Protestant services? 
Who was the first Huguenots to leave France? 
What do many of the farms in South Africa still bear French names? 
Who signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina? 
What was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time? 
In what year did the Huguenots create two new neighbourhoods? 
When did Huguenots flee to surrounding Protestant countries? 
In what year did a group of Norman Huguenots establish the small colony of Fort Caroline? 
When did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to the colony of Virginia? 
How many Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch against Spain during the first years of the Dutch Revolt? 
How many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th and early 18th centuries? 
In what year did Prince Louis de Condé establish a Huguenot community? 
How many Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations? 
What was the name of the pro-reform and Gallican Roman Catholics? 
What was the Massacre of 24 August – 3 October 1572? 
When did Louis XIV gain the throne? 
What was the name of the Huguenots in New York? 
What was the name of the Huguenot congregations in North America? 
What was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands? 
What was the French Protestant Church of London established by Royal Charter in 1550? 
When did Huguenot refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms? 
When is the working fluid separate from the combustion products? 
What was the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive built by Richard Trevithick? 
How many steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water? 
What is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages to increase efficiency? 
In what year did patent valve gears have a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve riding on the back of the main slide valve? 
What can lead fusible plugs be present in the boiler's firebox? 
In what year did James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion? 
What was the first recorded rudimentary steam engine described by Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria? 
When did compound engines come into widespread use? 
What was the final major evolution of the steam engine design? 
What is the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? 
How are the pistons connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other? 
When does the steam reverse its direction of flow at each stroke (counterflow), entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port? 
What is the aim of the uniflow engine? 
What is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine that does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder? 
What is the working fluid in a Rankine cycle? 
What is the temperature range the Rankine cycle can operate over? 
How many steam engines were the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution? 
When did Trevithick begin his experiments using a trio of locomotives? 
In what year was Arthur Woolf invented a method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling? 
How much of the world's electric production was by steam turbines in the 1990s? 
What is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine? 
What was the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency? 
When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century? 
What was the first commercial steam-powered device developed by Thomas Savery? 
In what year did Richard Trevithick and Oliver Evans introduce engines using high-pressure steam? 
What is the reciprocating steam engine no longer in widespread commercial use? 
Where does steam turbines use surface condensers as a cold sink? 
When was the centrifugal governor adopted for use on a steam engine? 
What was common for industrial units, for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880? 
What are the simplest valve gears that give events of fixed length during the engine cycle? 
In what year did Thomas Savery obtain the first patent for a steam engine? 
What type of rotors are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine with a separate condenser? 
What do steam engines often possess for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? 
What was the Corliss steam engine patented in 1849? 
How did the steam engine contribute to the development of thermodynamic theory? 
What is one of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over others? 
What can be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox? 
What was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine? 
How many nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator? 
When is the Rankine cycle referred to as a practical Carnot cycle? 
What are the major inorganic compounds in living organisms? 
In what century did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for combustion? 
When did Joseph Priestley study mercuric oxide in a glass tube? 
Who conducted one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air? 
What is the oxidant, not the fuel, but the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion? 
What is a fuel used to store and transmit gaseous and liquid oxygen? 
What was thought to be made mostly of phlogiston? 
How many oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other? 
What was the name of Oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1773 or earlier? 
What is dioxygen's double bond character and reactivity? 
What is a reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue? 
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study? 
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen? 
What is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe? 
When did scientists realize that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it? 
How many oxygen isotopes did planetary geologists measure in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites? 
What is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O 2 in which all electron spins are paired? 
What is Oxygen's spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at? 
What do O 2 molecules impart to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field? 
What are the dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms? 
What does the increased solubility of O 2 at lower temperatures have important implications for ocean life? 
What was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved about 3.5 billion years ago? 
What is the result of the oxygen cycle? 
What type of euphoric has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and, when needed, the medical staff? 
What is the essential purpose of respiration? 
When does oxygen form chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides? 
What do people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O 2 supplies? 
What type of storage methods are used for high pressure oxygen tanks, cryogenics and chemical compounds? 
What is the most important class of organic compounds that contain oxygen? 
What is the element found in almost all biomolecules that are important to (or generated by) life? 
What can toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system occur in deep scuba diving? 
In what space suits does Breathing pure O 2 cause no damage due to the low total pressures? 
What can be toxic at elevated partial pressures? 
What was the name of the oil crisis that began when the oil crisis began? 
What was the major impact of the crisis on international relations? 
On what date did the United States unilaterally pull out of the Bretton Woods Accord? 
When did OPEC slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? 
When did OPEC raise the posted price of oil to $5.11 a barrel? 
What did scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973? 
What had a negative influence on the US economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security? 
What member of the European Economic Community faced a complete embargo? 
What was the main factor in the change of government? 
What exacerbated the crisis in the US? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? 
In what year was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph imposed by the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act? 
What has led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? 
In what year did the U.S. consider military action to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields? 
What percentage of its imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970? 
What was the only sign of insecurity in the region? 
How many cylinder engines did Japanese imports have? 
What was the Toyota Hilux and the Datsun Truck introduced? 
What did General Motors, Ford and Chrysler introduce for domestic sales? 
What was the NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215? 
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position? 
What was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration? 
What was the Gemini program that supported Apollo from 1961 to 1972? 
What was the major setback of a 1967 Apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test? 
What was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body? 
What was the name of the Apollo program conceived during the Eisenhower administration? 
In what year did Hugh L. Dryden announce the Apollo program to industry representatives? 
In what year was John F. Kennedy elected president? 
Who was the first person to fly in space on April 12, 1961? 
When did Kennedy send a memo to Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson asking Johnson to look into the status of America's space program? 
What was the name of Robert R. Gilruth's Space Task Group? 
What was the name of the LOC's first Director? 
Who recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job? 
What was Mueller's first manned landing in July 1969? 
In what year was direct ascent generally the mission mode in favor of NASA? 
What did Jerome Wiesner do to Kennedy's science advisor before Kennedy took office? 
How did Wiesner make the disagreement public during a two-day visit to Marshall Space Flight Center? 
What was Maxime Faget's preliminary Apollo design? 
What was the conical crew cabin designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit? 
What was a service propulsion engine and an RCS with propellants? 
What was the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA? 
What was the Lunar Module designed to descend from lunar orbit? 
When did Wernher von Braun start working on the Apollo program? 
What was the first stage of the Saturn IB? 
What was the three-stage Saturn V designed to send a fully fueled CSM and LM to the Moon? 
Who was the first NASA scientist astronaut to fly in space? 
Who awarded all 32 of these astronauts the Distinguished Service Medal? 
When were two Block I CSMs launched on suborbital flights? 
What was the name of the first block II CSM and LM? 
Who became Director of Flight Crew Operations for the Gemini and Apollo programs? 
When was the AS-205 mission canceled? 
What was the cause of North American's problems? 
When did the plugs-out test begin? 
How many houses of Congress overseen an accident review board? 
What was the most important of the changes in the Block II spacecraft and operation procedures? 
In what year did Mueller approve a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing? 
What was the first unmanned flight of the Saturn V? 
What was the first unmanned test flight of LM in Earth orbit? 
When was Apollo 8 planned to be the D mission? 
What was the first landing at the Sea of Tranquility on July 20, 1969? 
How many Saturn Vs were enough for lunar landing missions through Apollo 20? 
When did Apollo 13 launch Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise? 
When was the first landing in 1969? 
What is the age of rocks collected from the Moon? 
What is never seen on Earth rocks due to the thick atmosphere? 
In what year did NASA hold a symposium on project costs? 
What was the most ambitious plan called for using an empty S-IVB as an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission? 
Who was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board? 
In what year did the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater? 
Who sent the first live televised pictures of the Earth and the Moon back to Earth? 
What was the name of the Apollo TV camera recorded? 
What was the budget for the surviving lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11? 
What is a body of treaties and legislation? 
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law? 
What are the primary constitutional sources of the EU's constitution? 
What is the primary law of the EU? 
What were the main Treaties that form the European Union? 
What was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union? 
Who was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament in 1999? 
What does the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
What is the second main legislative body of the EU? 
Who defines the "ordinary legislative procedure" that applies for most EU acts? 
What role has the judicial branch of the EU played in the development of EU law? 
What does the European Court of Justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems? 
What does the Court of Justice have? 
What is the constitutional law that binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law? 
What does the TFEU article 30 mean to the Dutch Customs Authorities? 
What do Directives do not give citizens standing to sue other citizens? 
What did the Italian government fail to implement in Pubblico Ministero v Ratti? 
What is the duty of national courts to interpret domestic law as far as possible in light of the wording and purpose of the directive? 
What are the principles of European Union law developed by the European Court of Justice? 
What principle of proportionality is recognised by the European Court of Justice since the 1950s? 
The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s? 
What was first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 60s? 
What was the only concern that member states should be prevented from violating human rights? 
What is the legal value of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union? 
What was the Social Charter adopted by 11 of the then 12 member states in 1989? 
In what year was the UK Labour Party elected to government? 
What was the name of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Germany? 
What does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit in Article 101(1)? 
In what year did the concept of a "social market economy" be introduced into EU law? 
What is the principle of non-discrimination achieved by a customs union? 
What did the Court of Justice consider to be contrary to TFEU article 34? 
What did the Treaties seek to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country? 
What are the main provisions of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation? 
What has increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? 
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect? 
What is the name of the rainforest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? 
When did the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction occur? 
What is believed to have split the drainage basin of the Amazon along the middle of the continent by the Purus Arch? 
How many tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year? 
How many people lived in the Amazon rainforest in AD 1500? 
Who was the first European to travel the length of the Amazon River? 
What is the name of the land that is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest? 
How many species of insect species are in Brazil? 
What is the highest biodiversity of plant species on Earth? 
What species can pose a hazard in the rainforest? 
What is the main source of deforestation in the Amazon? 
What is the mean annual deforestation rate in the Brazilian Amazon between 2000 and 2005? 
Who is concerned about the loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest? 
What is one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions? 
How many indigenous peoples continue to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories? 
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organize the trees of the Amazon into four categories? 
What year did parts of the Amazon basin experience the worst drought in one hundred years? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought? 
What is the name of a phylum of animals that live in marine waters? 
What do ctenophores have? 
What can a single animal produce both eggs and sperm at the same time? 
What is the name of the ctenophore that has been introduced into the Black Sea? 
What are fossils thought to represent ctenophores? 
What is an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges? 
What is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and cnidarians? 
What are ctenophores the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? 
What type of species do ctenophores have? 
How many comb rows do ctenophores swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing? 
What do some species rely on to adapt to water of different densities? 
What is the main component of the aboral organ? 
Which species of cydippids have bodies that are more or less rounded? 
What are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with? 
What are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end? 
What are the lobes of the Lobata? 
How many comb-rows do lobates have? 
What is the name of the Beroida? 
What is the name of the Cestida? 
What are most Platyctenids that have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction? 
How many species of the genus Ocryopsis are hermaphrodites? 
In what genus Beroe the juveniles lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths? 
What is the name of the ctenophores that is part of the ctenophores? 
What was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals? 
What type of ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten? 
What is Stromatoveris from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte? 
What is the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores? 
What is the county seat of Fresno County? 
When did the Central Pacific Railroad establish a station near Easterby's? 
What was Fresno's population before World War II? 
In what year did BankAmericard launch a new product called BankAmericard in Fresno? 
Who wrote "Walking Into Fresno" in the 1970s? 
What is Fresno's largest public park? 
Between the 1880s and World War II, what was Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings? 
What is the name of the neighborhood on Fresno's far southeast side? 
What area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline in the late 1960s and 1970s? 
What is the center of Fresno's LGBT and hipster Communities? 
What is the name of Fresno's early twentieth century homes? 
What was the name of the historic Alta Vista Tract? 
What is the name of the "West Side" of Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after? 
How many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before? 
What was the name of Woodward Park in the north eastern part of Fresno? 
What was the first aviation community to be built in 1946? 
What is Fresno's semi-arid climate? 
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno? 
What was the population density of Fresno in 2010? 
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? 
What was the population density of the city as of the census of 2000? 
What is the name of the first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? 
What is Amtrak San Joaquins' main passenger rail station? 
Who developed the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching in the late 1950s? 
What is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session? 
What type of communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes? 
When did Baran develop the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching? 
Who developed the same message routing methodology as Baran? 
What is a connection identifier rather than address information? 
What does X.25 do at the network layer of the OSI Model? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational? 
What was AppleTalk's proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. in 1985? 
What was the name of the CYCLADES packet switching network? 
What was DECnet originally released in 1975 to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
In what year was a data network based on this voice-phone network designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers? 
What was the name of the 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities? 
What was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States? 
What was the name of the international data communications network Tymnet headquartered in San Jose? 
What were two types of X.25 networks initially implemented with an X.25 external interface? 
What was AUSTPAC's first public X.25 network? 
What was the name of the public switched data network operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom? 
What was the name of the computer science network that was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation? 
What is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities? 
In what year did the Very high-speed Backbone Network Service come on line? 
What is the name of the Black Death in Central Asia? 
What is enzootic in populations of fleas carried by rodents? 
In what year was Plague first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders? 
In what year did the disease spread to France, Spain, Portugal and England? 
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria in Egypt? 
When did Gasquet claim the Latin name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appear in modern times? 
What was the most authoritative account at the time of medical knowledge stagnated during the Middle Ages? 
What is the dominant explanation for the Black Death? 
Who wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893? 
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague? 
What were two previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves? 
Who did J. F. D. Shrewsbury first challenge the plague theory in 1970? 
What is an epidemiological account of the plague as important as an identification of symptoms? 
What did sceptics argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic? 
Who suggested the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax? 
What is the most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East during this time? 
What year was the plague present somewhere in Europe between 1346 and 1671? 
Who proposes a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300? 
In what century was the plague present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time? 
Who was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850? 
What is an important concept in geology that illustrates the relationships between these three types of rock? 
What was the most important discovery in the 1960s? 
What did plate tectonics provide for many observations of the solid Earth? 
How can seismologists use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the Earth? 
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale? 
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? 
What did geologists use to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events at the beginning of the 20th century? 
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten and become thicker than muds? 
What is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning? 
What happens during the addition of new rock units? 
What are the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States and the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States? 
What methods do geologists use to decipher Earth history and understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth? 
What are the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory? 
How do structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks? 
What are some of the most well-known experiments in structural geology? 
In what laboratory do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? 
In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first geological map of the U.S. produced in 1809? 
How did Sir Charles Lyell first publish his famous book Principles of Geology? 
What is Newcastle upon Tyne? 
What was the name of the city named after in 1080? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? 
What was Newcastle's northern fortress during the Middle Ages? 
When was a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from Tyneside to Newcastle Quayside? 
What was the name of the close-knit community of keelmen in the Sandgate area? 
In what year did the North declare for the King? 
In what century did shipbuilding and heavy engineering be central to the city's prosperity? 
In what part does Newcastle retain a medieval street layout? 
What was the name of Newcastle's neoclassical centre? 
What is the Town Moor located in Newcastle? 
What was the Gateshead Millennium Bridge commissioned by Gateshead Council? 
Who built the Grainger Town area between 1835 and 1842? 
What was the name of the Grainger Market? 
What is the climate in Newcastle? 
In what year was Newcastle positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the UK? 
What is the largest Tesco store in the United Kingdom located in? 
What was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on Tyneside were growing most rapidly? 
What was the proportion of detached homes in the 2010 census? 
What is Newcastle's population according to the Office for National Statistics? 
What is the average age of people living in Newcastle? 
What is the name of the dialect of Newcastle? 
What are examples of Geordie words with origins in Scandinavia? 
What was Newcastle named as the noisiest city in the whole of the UK? 
What is the name of the 'Diamond Strip'? 
How many years did Stephen Kemble manage the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle? 
Who designed the Theatre Royal on Grey Street in 1837? 
What is the largest independent library outside London? 
In what year does the Newcastle Beer Festival take place? 
What is the largest travelling fair in Europe? 
What is Newcastle Mela held on the late August bank holiday weekend? 
What song was covered by Geordie ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne in 1990? 
What was the Pilgrim Street building refurbished between November 2006 and May 2008? 
What is the Centre for Life with its Science Village? 
What movie is the earliest known to feature some exterior scenes filmed in Newcastle? 
Who is the most successful team in the British Basketball League? 
What is Newcastle International Airport located in the northern outskirts of the city? 
How many Grade One listed railway stations in the UK were built in 2014? 
How many hours does Virgin Trains East Coast train to London King's Cross? 
What is Newcastle's first urban light rail transit system? 
What is the name of the programme 'Metro: All Change'? 
What is the name of the new line of the A1? 
What are the main bus companies in Newcastle? 
In what year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy? 
When did the Danish DFDS Seaways run a service to IJmuiden? 
What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle? 
Who was the University of Newcastle upon Tyne established in 1834? 
Who designed the Roman Catholic St. Mary's? 
What was the last addition to the Parish Church of St Andrew? 
When was ITV Tyne Tees based? 
What is the first full-time community radio station in Newcastle? 
Who was the leading British composer of concertos in the 18th century? 
Who were the former pupils of Rutherford Grammar School? 
What is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design? 
Who owns the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture? 
What was Henry Cole's first director of the V&A? 
What was the official opening by Queen Victoria on 22 June 1857? 
How many visitors attended the Britain Can Make It exhibition between September and November 1946? 
In what year did the V&A become the first museum in Britain to present a rock concert? 
What is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in Scotland? 
What was the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum? 
What was an ambitious scheme of decoration developed for the new areas of the museum? 
What was the work of Philip Webb and William Morris? 
Who was the next architect to work at the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke? 
What was the final embellishment used to decorate the east side of the building? 
What is the main façade of the Cromwell Gardens? 
What is the main arch of Prince Albert sculpted by Alfred Drury? 
What was the first major work in the 1950s and early 1960s? 
What was the main silverware gallery redesigned in the 1990s? 
When was the John Madejski Garden opened? 
In what year did the V&A open the first permanent gallery in the UK? 
What are all the major British architects of the last four hundred years represented in the collection? 
What is a rare survivor of the Great Fire of London? 
What is the centrepiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art? 
How many works of art are displayed in the Far Eastern collections? 
Who opened the Toshiba gallery of Japanese art in 1986? 
What are the smaller galleries covering Korea, the Himalayan kingdoms and South East Asia? 
What is one of Leonardo da Vinci's note books? 
What is the name of the manuscripts in the library dating from 12th to 16th centuries? 
What was the name of the National Art Library used to be kept in different formats? 
How many images were taken during the first year of the Factory Project? 
What is the work of British artists and craftspeople on display? 
In what period was design influenced by the spread of printed books and the work of European artists and craftsmen employed in Britain? 
What is one of the most dramatic parts of the museum? 
What was the first factory in Europe to discover the Chinese method of making porcelain? 
How many famous potters are represented in the collection? 
What is the oldest glassware on display in the glass collection? 
What was the main gallery redesigned in 1994? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain? 
In what year did Costiff acquire the Costiff collection of 178 Vivienne Westwood costumes? 
What was the collection of Italian and French Renaissance objects acquired between 1859 and 1865? 
What is one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection? 
What is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world? 
What percentage of the collection is divided into secular and sacred? 
What is one of the rarest items in the Gloucester Candlestick collection? 
Who closed the Musical Instruments gallery on 25 February 2010, a decision which was highly controversial? 
How many British and European oil paintings are included in the collection? 
In what year did John Sheepshanks donate 233 paintings, mainly by contemporary British artists? 
What were the paintings and miniatures that formed part of the Jones bequest of 1882? 
What is one of the most unusual collections of photographs of Animal Locomotion of 1887? 
What is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical European sculpture in the world? 
What is the collection of Italian, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical sculpture unqualled outside of Italy? 
Who is represented by more than 20 works in Rodin's museum collection? 
What are the sculptors who were based in Britain? 
When was the Dorothy and Michael Hintze sculpture galleries opened? 
What is the largest collection of textiles in the world? 
What is the Cloth of St Gereon? 
What is one of the earliest examples of European quilting? 
What is the name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries? 
What is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections? 
What was the name of the NBC Blue Network that was purchased by Edward J. Noble? 
How many owned-and-operated television stations are in the United States and its territories? 
What was the name of the Columbia Broadcasting System in the 1930s? 
In what year did Mutual file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations? 
When did Mutual's appeals against the FCC were rejected? 
Who purchased Life Savers candy for $8 million? 
What was the name of the network that aired symphony performances? 
What was the second period of international expansion linked to in the 1990s? 
What was Leonard Goldenson's first attempt to internationalize the ABC television network? 
Who owns the television rights to most of the Peanuts specials since 2000? 
When did ABC aire Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve on New Year's Eve? 
What is the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history? 
What did ABC find difficult to avoid falling behind on the new medium of television? 
In what year did ABC find itself in the position of an outsider? 
When was United Paramount Theatres forced to become an independent entity? 
Who approached UPT in 1951 on a proposal for UPT to purchase ABC? 
When did the FCC announce the end of its freeze on new station license applications? 
The Flintstones was another example of counterprogramming in the 1960s? 
In what year did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park? 
In what year did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused on its circle logo? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? 
In what year did ID sequences appear in a gold CGI design? 
What was the first ABC identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance? 
In what year did Paul Rand redesigned the ABC logo into its best-known (and current) form? 
When did rumors circulate that Disney-ABC was considering a sale of ABC Radio? 
In what year did ABC's average viewership drop by ten ratings points? 
Who approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002? 
When did Time Warner Cable remove ABC owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider's systems? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is a game show based on the British program of the same title? 
When did The Walt Disney Company announce an agreement to merge with Capital Cities/ABC? 
What was the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks? 
When did ABC's New York City flagship stations change their callsigns to WABC, WABC-FM and WABC-TV? 
In what year did Noble appointed Robert Kintner to be ABC's president? 
When did Goldenson try to help grow ABC? 
What was the most iconic of ABC's relationships with Hollywood producers? 
In what year did ABC Radio launch a special programming project for its FM stations? 
In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week? 
In what year did ABC complete its transition to color? 
What was ABC's first game of the week until 2006? 
In what year did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did Congress pass the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act? 
Who became ABC's program development manager in the early 1970s? 
In what year did ABC premiere the detective series S.W.A.T? 
What series did Kung Fu play in the 1970s? 
What was Roots' first miniseries? 
In what year did ABC News become president of the new ABC News? 
In what year did Arledge create the newsmagazine 20/20? 
What was ABC's plan to launch in 1995? 
In what year did Disney-ABC Television Group merged ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios into a new division? 
What year did the sixth and final season of Lost become the drama's lowest-rated season? 
When did the FCC impose its fin-syn rules? 
What is the name of the Selznick library? 
What is the largest U.S. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates? 
In what year did the ABC-UPT merger begin? 
What was the only remaining program on the network's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition? 
What is the native resolution format for ABC's U.S. television properties? 
What did ABC's dramas continue to fail during the 2010–11 season? 
Who canceled All My Children and One Life to Live after 41 and 43 years on the air? 
What was a slight improvement for ABC in the 2013-14 season? 
What was the name of the two family sitcoms that anchored the network's revamped Wednesday comedy lineup? 
Who took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC in February 1994? 
In what year did the FCC repeal the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did ABC continue on the same path that it began to take? 
Who created Wide World of Sports in 1961? 
In what year was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s? 
In what year did ABC sell KXYZ to the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy delegate his position as president to Daniel B. Burke? 
What is ABC News programming provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays? 
What are the only U.S. states where ABC does not have a locally licensed affiliate? 
What are ABC's own facilities and studios? 
Who owns the Times Square Studios at 1500 Broadway on land in Times Square owned by a development fund for the 42nd Street Project? 
What is the name of the traditional VOD service that is carried on most traditional cable and IPTV providers? 
What was a revised version of the ABC logo introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season? 
When did all U.S. networks regain control of their programming? 
What was a notable exception in Youngstown, Ohio? 
When was the Disneyland anthology series renamed? 
What was ABC's first television series to be broadcast in color on the network? 
What year did Goldenson announce a merger proposal with ITT to ABC management? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy contact Leonard Goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies? 
Who was the president of ABC's broadcasting division? 
How many of ABC's marquee shows ended their runs during the mid-1980s? 
What series did ABC revamp its Friday night schedule in the late 1980s? 
In what year did ABC take advantage of new FCC ownership regulations? 
When did the ABC network become a serious contender to NBC and CBS? 
What did Goldenson give ABC a continuum between film and television? 
In what year did ABC launch "WATCH ABC," a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services? 
Who owns or provides services to 28 ABC affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates? 
When did ABC begin to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season? 
What is the difference between WFTS-TV and WWSB? 
Who came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor before Genghis Khan's death? 
Who was Temüjin born in 1162? 
Who had three brothers named Hasar, Hachiun, and Temüge? 
How many years did Hoelun and her children live in poverty? 
In what year did Temüjin escape from the ger? 
When did none of the tribal confederations of Mongolia were united politically? 
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? 
What was Temüjin's father's name? 
When did Jamukha and Temüjin drift apart in their friendship? 
What did Temüjin promise to civilians and soldiers wealth from future war spoils? 
What was the next direct threat to Temüjin? 
What did Temüjin say he did not want to be disloyal men in his army? 
What is Genghis Khan's life marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies? 
When did Genghis Khan plan again to conquer the Jin dynasty? 
What was the name of the khanate of Qara Khitai? 
What force did the invading Mongols use to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among Kuchlug's supporters? 
Who led the first division into the northeast of Khwarezmia? 
What faction split the Shah's army into small groups concentrated in various cities? 
What did Genghis Khan order to destroy the remnants of the Khwarezmid Empire? 
Who attacked Samarkand using captured enemies as body shields? 
What was the city of Bukhara not heavily fortified? 
When did Genghis Khan defeat the Khwarezmian Empire? 
Who recalled Subutai back to Mongolia? 
In what year did Genghis Khan begin a retaliatory attack on the Tanguts? 
In what year did Genghis Khan's army attack and destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor? 
Who was Genghis Khan aware of the friction between his sons? 
What was Jochi's father's death in 1226? 
Who died during the fall of Yinchuan in August 1227? 
On what date was a joint archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be Genghis Khan's palace in rural Mongolia? 
What was the name of the Yassa created by Genghis Khan? 
What were tax exemptions for religious figures? 
Who attempted to create a civil state under the Great Yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals, including women? 
Who was captured by the Mongol army after the Jin dynasty was defeated? 
Who put absolute trust in his generals? 
What was the standard tactic of the Mongol military? 
What was Genghis Khan's death in 1227? 
What is Genghis Khan credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment? 
In what year did Genghis Khan become one of the central figures of the Mongolian national identity? 
What is Genghis Khan's name and likeness endorsed on products, streets, buildings, and other places? 
Who is Genghis Khan regarded as one of the prominent leaders in Mongolia's history? 
What is the population of Genghis Khan in the People's Republic of China? 
What is Genghis Khan almost universally condemned in the Middle East? 
How many people were killed in the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir among others? 
Who were the famous Mughal emperors proud descendants of Genghis Khan and particularly Timur? 
What is a palatalised version of the Mongolian and Turkic word tenggis? 
What is Genghis Khan spelled in different ways in different languages? 
What is the Greek word pharma derived from? 
What do pharmacists do to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines? 
What is a pharmacy technician in the UK considered a health care professional? 
In what century was Diocles of Carystus one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants? 
What were the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists in Japan? 
What was the name of Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi? 
What is the name of the medieval Esteve Pharmacy located in Llvia? 
In what country is the dispensary subject to pharmacy legislation? 
What type of medication can be found within the premises of the hospital? 
What do pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimize the use of medication? 
What is the role of the clinical pharmacist? 
What is the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam? 
What focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? 
How many Internet pharmacies have been established in the United States since 2000? 
What are some Internet pharmacies selling prescription drugs without requiring a prescription? 
What is a particular concern with Internet pharmacies? 
What is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science? 
What is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry in 2013? 
What are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? 
What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy? 
In what decade are pharmacists expected to become more integral within the health care system? 
In what country do pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government for conducting comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews? 
What are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries? 
What is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease? 
How many defense mechanisms have evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens? 
What can result in autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? 
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system? 
When does the immune system protect organisms from infection? 
What is the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules? 
What do microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system? 
What is the first line of defense against infection? 
What are the -defensins? 
What do commensal flora serve as biological barriers in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts? 
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection? 
What are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens? 
What is the second arm of the innate immune system? 
What are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment? 
What is a component of the innate immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes? 
What is the adaptive immune system that evolved in early vertebrates? 
What is the name of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule? 
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses? 
What is the T cell's CD4 co-receptor that recognizes antigen bound to? 
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells have? 
When does a B cell identifie pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen? 
When are B cells and T cells activated? 
What type of antibody is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta? 
What are female sex hormones known as? 
What effect may active immunizations have when suffering from sleep deprivation? 
What is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partly responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals? 
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? 
What is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent? 
How many T cells and antibodies react with "self" peptides? 
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries? 
What is the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed? 
What method allows pathogens to successfully infect a host while evading detection or destruction by the immune system? 
In what year did Frank Burnet form the clonal selection theory of immunity? 
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs used to control the effects of inflammation? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells and CTLs? 
What are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens? 
How many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist in jawed vertebrates? 
How many vertebrates did a multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose with? 
How many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time? 
What do some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers? 
What is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues? 
What is an evasion strategy used by pathogens to avoid the innate immune system? 
What is the simplest approach to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
What is a third possible source of tumor antigens? 
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response, particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly, or in larger doses? 
What does sleep and the intertwined circadian system have on immunological functions? 
What was one of Egypt's earliest massive implementations brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution? 
What is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience depicted in Sophocles' play Antigone? 
When did Percy Shelley write the political poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official? 
What does LeGrande say is difficult, if not impossible? 
What is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws? 
What is the final judge of right and wrong? 
What do some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities? 
What does Black's Law Dictionary include in its definition of civil disobedience? 
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience mean? 
What did the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience take place during the Roman Empire? 
What is the name of a civil disobedience? 
Who was arrested for sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors stating, "Wise up or die"? 
What do some forms of civil disobedience make it harder for a system to function? 
What do civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers? 
What is an important decision for civil disobedients? 
When did the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsor a protest? 
How many times do protesters choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice? 
What did some civil disobedience defendants choose to make in allocution? 
What is one theory that disobedience may be helpful? 
What type of civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not, itself, the object of protest? 
What is a major goal of criminal punishment? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? 
What type of work requires collaboration across multiple disciplines? 
What are the three sectors of construction in general? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings? 
What is the cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses? 
What are the new techniques of building construction being researched? 
What type of design team is most commonly employed by the property owner? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties? 
What happens when builders ask for too little money to complete the project? 
What does a project that fails to adhere to codes do not benefit the owner? 
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations? 
What are new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting? 
What is the most common method of construction procurement? 
What is the name of a project that the owner produces? 
Before the foundation can be dug, what are contractors typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked? 
What is the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees in the United States in 2014? 
What is the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East? 
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world? 
What is the name of private schools? 
What is the term used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries? 
What is the term for the secondary level? 
What is a subcategory of private schools? 
What is the social status of the 'old school tie' in Australia? 
What are some of the best known independent schools? 
What is the right to create private schools in Germany? 
What are ordinary primary or secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or religious groups? 
What are the secondary or post-secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or rarely, religious groups? 
What is an aided or unaided school in India? 
How many non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in India? 
What is the average fee in Ireland for most private schools? 
How many schools were assimilated into the National School system after Malaysia's independence? 
What is the other category of schools? 
How many private schools in New Zealand are in decline since the mid-1970s? 
What is King's College and Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland? 
What percentage of primary enrollment is the private sector in the Philippines? 
What scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools? 
What were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? 
In what year did white government schools have the option to convert to a "semi-private" form? 
What percentage of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008? 
Who prefers to be called independent schools because of their freedom to operate outside of government and local government control? 
In what case did Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka decide to desegregate United States schools with all deliberate speed? 
What is generally provided for private schools through student tuition, endowments, scholarship/voucher funds? 
What was the beginning of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? 
When did quality private schools in the United States charge substantial tuition? 
What is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States? 
What is a large, highly residential research university? 
What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution in Boston? 
What was the name of the college at New Towne? 
How many Puritan ministers were trained in the early years of the College? 
When did the Hollis Professor of Divinity die? 
In what year did the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz be acclaimed? 
What was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education? 
What was James Bryant Conant's first president? 
How many men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe? 
What is the main campus of Harvard's 209-acre main campus? 
How many of the university's athletics facilities are located on a campus opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston? 
How many tracts of land has Harvard purchased in Allston? 
How many professors, lecturers, and instructors do Harvard's 2,400 professors instruct? 
What was the largest university endowment in the world? 
In what year did the South African movement divest? 
What is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation as "more selective, lower transfer-in"? 
What does the four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasize? 
How many half-courses do Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar? 
What was the total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year? 
What is the largest academic library in the United States? 
How many arts, cultural, and scientific museums are located in the Harvard Art Museums? 
How many university rankings have Harvard consistently ranked? 
Who competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Ivy League? 
What year did Harvard's football team win the Rose Bowl? 
What is the name of the Malkin Athletic Center known as? 
What was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon? 
Who is the Civil rights leader? 
Who is the biologist at Harvard? 
What is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida? 
What is Jacksonville in the First Coast region of northeast Florida? 
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port since the late 19th century? 
In what year did a University of North Florida team discover some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River? 
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British? 
When was Jacksonville a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause? 
When did Jacksonville and St. Augustine become popular winter resorts for the rich and famous? 
What was the name of the first multi-story building built by Klutho? 
What was the name of the "Winter Film Capital of the World" in the 1910s? 
What did the construction of highways lead residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
How much of the city's tax base dissipated? 
In what years did corruption scandals arise among the city's officials? 
When a consolidation referendum was held in 1967, who approved the consolidation referendum? 
What is the total area of Jacksonville? 
What is the tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline? 
What is a humid subtropical climate in Jacksonville? 
What is the average monthly temperature in January to 82 F in July? 
What was the strongest effect on Jacksonville from Hurricane Dora in 1964? 
What is the twelfth most populous city in the United States? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living with them? 
In what year did the richest 1% of adults own 40% of global assets? 
What do capitalist firms use to substitute capital equipment for labor inputs? 
What is a purely capitalist mode of production? 
What does a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time will result in a low wage for that job? 
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level? 
What is the difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation? 
What factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education? 
In what year did the mass high school education movement decrease? 
What does John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to as one of the causes of economic inequality? 
Who estimates that trade liberalization has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States? 
What is a Gender pay gap in many countries in favor of males in the labor market? 
What economist argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development? 
What was the Kuznets curve? 
What is a process by which newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities? 
What does Joseph Stiglitz argue that market forces should serve as a brake on concentrations of wealth and income? 
What are higher rates of health and social problems? 
Which Nobel Prize winner said rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem? 
Who found higher rates of health and social problems in countries and states with higher inequality? 
How many years did Americans live in the USA? 
What is the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries? 
What has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society? 
What is the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number? 
What do Conservative researchers argue that income inequality is not significant because consumption should be the measure of inequality? 
What has created deep financial 'fault lines' that have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past? 
What is correlated with the duration of economic growth spells? 
What economists say increasing inequality harms economic growth? 
Who presented evidence that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand? 
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis that states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? 
What were some theories developed in the 1970s? 
What role can economic growth play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals? 
How much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system in many poor and developing countries? 
How many researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality? 
What are the costs of housing, pensions, education and health care shared by everyone? 
What is the difference between the economic inequality and environmental degradation? 
What is the vast disparities in wealth attribute to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners? 
Who argued that government redistributes wealth by force? 
What approach looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “capability deprivation”? 
How much income does an old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man? 
Who is a British science fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963? 
What was the first series of the 21st century produced by Russell T Davies? 
How many actors have headlined the series as the Doctor? 
What is the name of the Doctor who rarely travels alone? 
How many seasons did the BBC drama department produce the programme? 
Who worked for Columbia Pictures' tv arm in the United States? 
Who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series[note 2] and the 1996 telefilm? 
When did the phrase "Hiding behind (or 'watching from behind') the sofa enter British pop culture? 
What was the most violent of the drama programmes the BBC produced at the time? 
Who was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine? 
How many 45-minute, self-contained episodes did the 2005 revival change? 
How many Doctor Who instalments have been televised since 1963? 
How many episodes have been returned to the BBC from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast? 
What is the name of the BBC's "Official" reconstructions? 
Who introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character? 
What film would establish that a Time Lord can only regenerate 12 times for a total of 13 incarnations? 
In what year did William Hartnell return with Jon Pertwee? 
What was the name of the Eleventh Doctor in the 2013 episode of The Brain of Morbius? 
What is the name of the first serial of the programme? 
What is the main character of the show since the 2005 revival? 
When did Russell T Davies announce his intention to reintroduce classic icons of Doctor Who one step at a time? 
The Master is the Doctor's archenemy, a renegade Time Lord who wants to rule the universe? 
In what year did Derek Jacobi provide the character's re-introduction in the 2007 episode of "Utopia"? 
What was the original theme composed by Ron Grainer and realised by Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop? 
What was the name of the new arrangement of the theme introduced in the 2007 Christmas special episode? 
Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme in the early 1970s? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years? 
How many soundtrack releases have been released since 2005? 
What was the first episode of Doctor Who repeated the day after the assassination of John F. Kennedy? 
What year did the ITV network strike? 
How many episodes have ever had their premiere showings on other channels than BBC One? 
In what year did the Australian Broadcasting Corporation first run the Australian Broadcasting Corporation? 
When did TVOntario pick up the show? 
Who recorded a special video introduction for each episode of "The Christmas Invasion" on 26 December 2005? 
What is a wide selection of serials available from BBC Video on DVD in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States? 
Who played the Daleks in the 1970s? 
What was the success of the 2005 series produced by Russell T Davies? 
What was the Sarah Jane Adventures starring? 
When was Dimensions in Time produced for Children in Need? 
Who and the Curse of Fatal Death was made for Comic Relief in 1999? 
Who has also been referenced in popular culture and other science fiction? 
What was the earliest Doctor Who-related audio release? 
Who has released several different series of Doctor Who audios since 1999? 
How many Doctor Who books have been published from the mid-sixties to the present day? 
What was the name of the Doctor Who character created by BBC Television in the early 1960s? 
Who was the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor? 
Who was awarded an Institutional Peabody in 2013? 
Who won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial in 1975? 
What was the highest-profile and most prestigious British television award for which the series has ever been nominated? 
What is the name of the private research university in Chicago? 
What is the largest university press in the United States? 
When was the University of Chicago incorporated? 
Who created and incorporated the University of Chicago as a coeducational, secular institution in 1890? 
What was the name of the university affiliated with in the 1890s? 
In what year did Robert Maynard Hutchins take office? 
In what year did student applications decline? 
What was the name of the Kalven Report? 
In what year did the University of Chicago begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects? 
What were the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan? 
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District? 
Who oversees the long-term development and plans of the University of Chicago? 
What are the academic bodies of the University of Chicago? 
What is the College of the University of Chicago's Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees? 
What is the name of the core curriculum at the University of Chicago? 
What is the name of the university that runs the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools? 
What is the 11th most among library systems in the United States? 
What is the center for Near Eastern Studies owned and operated by the university? 
What is the nameake of the Chicago school of economics supported by Milton Friedman and other economists? 
What is the name of the UChicago Arts program? 
In what year did the University of Chicago enroll 5,792 students in the College? 
In what year did the Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III? 
What is the name of the University of Chicago's Recognized Student Organizations? 
What are all Recognized Student Organizations funded by The University of Chicago Student Government? 
What is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago? 
What year has the University of Chicago held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt? 
Who is the third richest man in America? 
Who was the founder of modern community organizing Saul Alinsky? 
Who is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall Lauren Oliver? 
Who is the minimalist composer in the arts and entertainment? 
Who is a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life? 
Who is a major advisor to Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
Who is the founder of McKinsey & Co.? 
What was the name of the Yuan dynasty? 
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty after the division of the Mongol Empire? 
In what year did Kublai Khan establish the Yuan dynasty? 
In what year did Genghis Khan join the Mongol and Turkic tribes of the steppes? 
How many Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin? 
Who lived in the Jin dynasty? 
When did Möngke Khan start a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty? 
When did Ogedei's grandson refuse to submit to Kublai? 
Who readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264? 
How did Kublai Khan promote commercial, scientific, and cultural growth? 
What was the name of the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou who fled to Qufu? 
What was the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin? 
What was Kublai's second invasion of Japan in 1281? 
In what year did the Duan dynasty be appointed as governors-general? 
Who was the first Yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream Chinese culture? 
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son and successor? 
When did Yesün Temür die in Shangdu? 
What was the name of the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature? 
Who was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan? 
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty marked by? 
In what year did the Red Turban Rebellion start and grew into a nationwide uprising? 
What was the major cultural achievements of the Yuan dynasty? 
When were Western musical instruments introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts? 
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time? 
Who helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year? 
What was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China? 
What was the name of the system of bureaucracy created by Kublai Khan? 
What did the Ministry of Justice do in the Yuan administration? 
What was the average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty? 
How many great artists and writers were famous in the Yuan era? 
What religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty? 
How did Zhu Shijie solve simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns? 
Who was divided into non-Mongol physicians called otachi and traditional Mongol shamans? 
What was the name of the Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan? 
Who was the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court in 1263? 
What technology was transferred to the Mongols through Kingdom of Qocho and Tibetan intermediaries? 
What was the name of the paper money of the Yuan? 
When did the Mongols import Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China? 
What did the Yuan Emperors restrict to Muslims? 
What was the reason for the order of the classes and why people were placed in a certain class? 
When did the Mongols place the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans? 
What part of the Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty? 
What is Kenya's capital and largest city? 
What is Kenya's warm and humid tropical climate on its Indian Ocean coastline? 
What region has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period? 
What is the name of the Republic of Kenya? 
What did Ludwig Krapf call Kenia and Kegnia believed to be a corruption of the Kamba version? 
What is the name of the "Big Five" game animals of Africa? 
How many years ago did primates roam the area? 
When did the Swahili build Mombasa into a major port city? 
In what century did the Kenyan Coast host many merchants and explorers? 
What was the name of the Protectorate? 
How many members of the Kikuyu people lived in the central highlands? 
How many Mau Mau supporters were killed by the Home Guard on 21 October 1956? 
What was the first direct elections for native Kenyans to the Legislative Council? 
What was the mlolongo system seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime? 
Who is the head of state and head of government in Kenya? 
Who ranks low on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki run for re-election against the Orange Democratic Movement? 
What was the executive director of TAABCO Research and Development Consultants in Nairobi? 
Who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in Parliament? 
What was a constitutional change considered that would eliminate the position of Prime Minister? 
In what year did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Laws Amendment Bill? 
What are the armed forces regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world? 
What have Kenya’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? 
What percentage of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day? 
What is East and Central Africa's biggest economy's biggest economy's growth in the service sector? 
What percentage of Kenya's GDP is dominated by tourism? 
What is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product? 
How many pigeon peas can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall? 
What is one of the most successful agricultural production regions in Africa? 
What is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes region? 
What Act has given Kenya a boost to manufacturing in recent years? 
What is the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply? 
What is Kenya's oil reserves estimated to be about 10 billion barrels? 
What was Kenya's largest source of foreign direct investment? 
In what year did the Kenyan government unveil Vision 2030? 
What are Kenya's two official languages used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations? 
What percentage of Kenyans are Christian? 
What percentage of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region? 
What percentage of the population visits dispensaries, health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas? 
How many Kenyans live below the poverty level? 
What was Kenya's first system of education introduced by British colonists? 
What was the current 8–4–4 system launched in January 1985? 
How many years does basic formal education start at the age of six? 
What percentage of the country's literacy level stands at? 
What is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in Nairobi? 
What is the name of Kenya's best-known athletes? 
How many medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics? 
Who has been a dominant force in women's volleyball in Africa in the past decade? 
How many years ago was Safari Rally a part of the World Rally Championship? 
What do Kenyans generally have three meals in a day? 
What is the main international treaty on climate change? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? 
What is the IPCC Panel composed of? 
What is the name of the IPCC Trust Fund established by the United Nations Environment Programme and the World Meteorological Organization? 
Who does the IPCC do not carry out research? 
How many authors are responsible for writing and editing the material? 
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change? 
In what year did the IPCC finalize two IPCC Special Reports? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? 
What was the name of the third assessment report? 
What was the MBH99 based graph featured in publicity? 
Who wrote joint letters to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce on 23 June 2005? 
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) published in 2007? 
What was the eve of the publication of the IPCC's major report on climate? 
What is another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the IPCC have actually understated them? 
What is Michael Oppenheimer's long-time participant in the IPCC? 
What is the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compared with dealing with other environmental challenges? 
Who compares the ozone depletion case to global warming? 
What does the IPCC operate on the basis of? 
How many climate scientists wrote in February 2010 in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report? 
What is chlorophyll's main role in photosynthesis? 
What is the name of the cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is one of many types of organelles in the plant cell? 
What are Cyanobacteria considered the ancestors of chloroplasts? 
How many years ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is the name of the chloroplasts that can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor? 
What is the name of the alga Cyanophora? 
What are the phycobilin pigments on the thylakoid membranes? 
What are the chloroplastidan chloroplasts? 
What is a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga? 
What type of chromalveolates are Apicomplexans? 
What is the most important apicoplast function? 
What is the most common dinophyte chloroplast? 
What did the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages lose? 
Who has a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte? 
What do some dinophytes have a diatom derived chloroplast? 
What is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently? 
What is the name of the plastome? 
What are the inverted repeat regions highly conserved among land plants? 
What is the mechanism for chloroplast DNA replication? 
How many A  G deamination gradients are found in cpDNA? 
What is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? 
How many of the protein products of transferred genes aren't even targeted back to the chloroplast? 
When is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol? 
What are chloroplasts generally lens-shaped? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? 
When did chloroplast membranes protrude out into the cytoplasm? 
What is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum found in? 
What is the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes? 
What are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across? 
When were Plastoglobuli thought to be free-floating in the stroma? 
What are the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae? 
What are the two types of thylakoids? 
How many photosynthetic carotenoids are found in the photosystems? 
What is a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria? 
What enzyme is used to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis? 
What are chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells specialized for each stage of photosynthesis? 
What are the chloroplasts that make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green? 
What are chloroplasts found in plants such as cacti? 
What can the chloroplasts of plant and algal cells orient themselves to best suit the available light? 
What are the two main immune responses in plants? 
What can chloroplasts serve as? 
What is one of the main functions of the chloroplast? 
What is hydrogen ion gradient used to generate ATP energy? 
What enzyme starts by using Rubisco to fix CO2 into five-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate molecules? 
How can glucose monomers in the chloroplast be linked together to make starch? 
What can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high? 
What is the name of the chloroplast that makes almost all of a plant cell's amino acids? 
What is a special type of a plant cell organelle called? 
What is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll? 
What are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit? 
What does the division process start when the proteins FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 assemble into filaments? 
What is the inner plastid-dividing ring located in? 
What is a requirement for chloroplast division? 
How many plants have chloroplasts caught attention lately? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1? 
What is the property of being prime? 
How many primes are shown by Euclid around 300 BC? 
What is Goldbach's conjecture about prime numbers? 
What does the image at the right illustrate that 12 is not prime? 
How many early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number? 
What does Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold? 
What are the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers? 
When did Pierre de Fermat prove Fermat's little theorem? 
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n? 
What do modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into? 
What is a very simple example of a probabilistic test? 
What are prime numbers of this form? 
What are some of the largest known primes of the mentioned types? 
Are prime for any natural number n? 
How many primes can be seen using the zeta function? 
What is the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating from 1859? 
What is Riemann's hypothesis that many more conjectures are revolving about primes? 
What is a third type of conjecture? 
What was seen as a canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time? 
What does Fermat's little theorem say is a sufficient condition for p to be prime? 
What are 512-bit primes used for RSA and 1024-bit primes for Diffie–Hellman? 
What is the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada? 
What is the concept of prime number so important that it has been generalized in different ways in various branches of mathematics? 
What is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined? 
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold in unique factorization domains? 
When is the notion of number replaced with that of ideal? 
What is the point of algebro-geometric objects via the notion of the spectrum of a ring? 
What is the difference between the absolute value and the absolute value? 
Which composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music through "natural phenomena"? 
What river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps? 
How many variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rnos? 
How long is the Rhine shortened from the river's natural course? 
Where is the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine formed? 
What is the name of the inland delta of the Rhine into Lake Constance? 
What was a regulation of the Rhine called for in order to counteract the constant flooding and sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta? 
What is the name of the Lake Constance? 
What does the flow of cold, gray mountain water continue for some distance into the lake? 
When does the Rhine emerge from Lake Constance? 
What is the name of the first major city in the course of the stream? 
In what century was the Upper Rhine region changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
How many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland? 
What is the name of the Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz? 
What is the largest conurbation in Germany? 
What does the Dutch name Rijn no longer coincide with? 
What is the second third of the water flowing through the Pannerdens Kanaal? 
What is the name of the river Rijn used for? 
When is the Rhine-Meuse Delta the most important natural region of the Netherlands? 
What is the name of the Rhine delta determined by? 
When did the Meuse flow south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea? 
What are the main arms of the current delta? 
What is the Rhine-Meuse Delta? 
In what period was the stage set in the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era? 
What caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone? 
By what period did the Rhine capture streams down to the Vosges Mountains? 
How many years ago was the geological period of the Ice Ages? 
When did the last glacial run from 74,000 (BP = Before Present) until the end of the Pleistocene? 
What did the Rhine's current course do during the last Ice Age? 
In what year did the sea level rise in the southern North Sea rise? 
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley? 
How many avulsions have occurred in the delta since 3000 yr BP? 
What do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea? 
When did the Rhine first enter the historical period in the 1st century BC? 
What was Augustus' death in AD 14 until after AD 70? 
How many legions did the Romans keep in five bases along the Rhine? 
Which Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period? 
In what century was the Rhine within the borders of Francia? 
What was a long-term goal of French foreign policy since the Middle Ages? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? 
When was the Rhine bridge at Arnhem immortalized in the book A Bridge Too Far? 
What was the generally accepted length of the Rhine until 1932? 
In what year did the Scottish electorate vote for devolution? 
How many years was Scotland directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain and the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
Who would set up an elected assembly in Edinburgh? 
What party controlled the government of the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s? 
What is the official home of the Scottish Parliament since September 2004? 
What was the permanent building at Holyrood being constructed? 
What was the former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George IV Bridge used for the MSP's offices? 
What is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the role of the Presiding Officer in the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body? 
What is a hemicycle in the debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the name of the parliamentary mace in front of the Presiding Officers' desk? 
What is the verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates? 
What is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons? 
Who decides who speaks in chamber debates and how much time is allowed to speak in chamber debates? 
When do MSPs decide on all motions and amendments that have been moved that day? 
Which party usually instructs members which way to vote? 
What is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a Scottish minister? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committees? 
What are the current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament? 
What are the Subject Committees established at the beginning of each parliamentary session? 
What was the Scottish Act 1998 passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
What does the Scottish Parliament have the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound? 
What is the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What is the first, or introductory stage of the bill? 
What stage is the final stage of the bill? 
What does the Presiding Officer submit to the Monarch for royal assent? 
What is the name of the party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament? 
What are ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament held on the first Thursday in May every four years? 
Who can deliver statements to Parliament upon which MSPs are invited to question? 
When is Parliamentary time set aside for question periods in the debating chamber? 
What are 73 of the 129 MSPs elected to represent first past the post constituencies? 
What was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 and the British Nationality Act 1981? 
What was the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority? 
What seat was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie lost to the SNP? 
What is Islamism also known as? 
What party is the Tunisian Ennahda Movement? 
What is a major division within Islamism? 
What is Islamism a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam? 
What is a way of life that Islamists believe in? 
When did Western and pro-Western governments support Islamists and Islamist groups? 
What was Sadat's policy of opening Egypt to Western investment? 
What did the Saudi-based Wahhabism or Salafism promote? 
When did Iqbal study law and philosophy in England and Germany? 
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League? 
What was Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi's role in the Islamic revival in India? 
What did Maududi think Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia? 
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Ismailiyah in 1928? 
What was the only opposition group in Egypt able to field candidates during elections? 
What constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world during the Six-Day War? 
What was Ali Shariati's ideologue of the Iranian Revolution? 
What has the Islamic Republic maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions? 
In what year did the Soviet Union deploy its 40th Army into Afghanistan? 
What was the problem with Saddam's defeat? 
What did Qutb's ideas become more radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966? 
What organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981? 
What group employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order in the 1990s? 
When did the First Palestine Intifada take place? 
In what year did Hamas kill 542 people in 140 suicide bombings? 
How many years did Sudan have an Islamist regime under the leadership of Hassan al-Turabi? 
In what year did al-Nimeiry overtake al-Nimeiry? 
What is the name of the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria? 
What did the mujahideen win against the Soviet Union in the 1980s? 
What was the name of the Deobandi movement established for impoverished Afghan refugees? 
In what year did General Zia-ul-Haq overtrow Prime Minister Ali Bhutto's regime? 
What is the name of "Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"? 
What was the name of the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad? 
What is HT's view of the Caliphate? 
What does HT do not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system? 
What is the name of the Muslim population in Greater London? 
What was the name of the U.S. government's efforts to counter Islamism? 
What is the Latin word for Imperialism? 
What is a policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force? 
Who used the term imperialism in slightly more discriminating fashion to mean all kinds of domination or control by a group of people over another? 
What is the closest modern English equivalent? 
What is the term "imperialism" often conflated with? 
What do imperialism and colonialism do? 
What is a controversial aspect of imperialism based on? 
What did the Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe have? 
Who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of European guidance? 
What are the principles of imperialism generally generalizable to? 
What did Edward Said say about Orientalism refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What was Bassett's analysis of during the "scramble for Africa"? 
What is cultural imperialism when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles? 
What period began in the Age of Imperialism around 1700? 
Who built a framework for understanding European imperialism? 
What was the focus of Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism? 
What did Europe continue to advance in military technology? 
What was the term "Imperialism" introduced into English in the late 1870s? 
How many historians and political theorists pioneered much of the debate? 
What was the concept of environmental determinism used to categorically place indigenous peoples in a racial hierarchy? 
What was the name of the British East India Company established in 1599? 
In what year did France take control of Algeria? 
In what year was Jules Ferry the leading exponent of colonialism declared France had a civilising mission? 
In what year did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French use the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France? 
What did Germanic tribes expand throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity? 
What was Germany’s participation in Western imperialism negligible until the late 19th century? 
In what year did Germany start to build a colonial empire in Africa and the South Pacific? 
What was Japan's first Sino-Japanese War in 1894? 
When did Bolsheviks effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire? 
Who believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution? 
What was the name of the First British Empire? 
What was the Scramble for Africa and major additions in Asia and the Middle East? 
What did the early United States express its opposition to Imperialism? 
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society? 
What type of imperialism is distinct from informal U.S. imperialism? 
When was the Ottoman Empire an imperial state? 
What was the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for six centuries? 
In what century was the United Methodist Church a leader in Evangelicalism? 
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement? 
What was the name of the movement which became The United Methodist Church in the mid-18th century? 
In what year did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to the American Indians in the colony of Georgia? 
When did John Wesley want the Methodists to stay within the Church of England? 
When was St. George's United Methodist Church founded? 
Who was the first African American ordained by the Methodist Church? 
How many years has Methodism in the United States seen a number of divisions and mergers? 
What does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of? 
Who was compelled to break with standard practice in 1784? 
How many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition? 
What is the grace that "goes before" us? 
What is justifying Grace or Accepting Grace? 
What is the grace of God that sustains the believers in the journey toward Christian Perfection? 
What is The Book of Discipline characterized as Arminian theology? 
What is the sanctity of human life in the United Methodist Church? 
What church holds that women are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother? 
When did John Wesley warn against the dangers of drinking? 
What does the United Methodist Church say is a reason for taking human life? 
Who was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999? 
How many organizations, conferences, and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the LGBT community within the UMC? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? 
What does the United Methodist Church maintain that war is incompatible with Christ's message and teachings? 
What teaches that pornography is about violence, degradation, exploitation, and coercion? 
What does the UMC support for research on embryos created for IVF that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased? 
How many notable heroes and heroines of the Christian faith may be named after? 
What is the highest level of the United Methodist Church organized into? 
What are the jurisdictional and central conferences that are subordinate to the General Conference? 
What is one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils? 
What is the highest court in the denomination? 
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC? 
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors? 
How many colleges and universities are affiliated with the United Methodist Church? 
Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What are all clergy appointments made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the Annual Conference Cabinet? 
What are Elders called by God? 
What are deacons called by God? 
When did the ordination order of transitional deacon be abolished? 
What is the official title of a local pastor? 
Who practices infant and adult baptism? 
What is Baptism a sacrament in the UMC? 
What is the name of the lay servant in the United Methodist Church? 
What is one tradition within the Christian Church? 
In what year did the United Methodist Church enter into full communion with the African Methodist Episcopal Church? 
How many members did the United Methodist Church have in the United States in recent decades? 
What percentage of UMC delegates were from Africa during the 2008 General Conference? 
Who is a member of the Wesleyan Holiness Consortium? 
What was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War? 
What was the name of the war between New France and the British colonies? 
In what year did the British colonial governors meet with General Braddock? 
What was the result of a failed expedition against Louisbourg and the Siege of Fort William Henry? 
What was one of the most significant developments in a century of anglo-French conflict? 
What was the second war in King George's reign in the 1740s? 
What is the name of the North American theater of the Seven Years' War? 
How many French people lived in the St. Lawrence River valley? 
What number of British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1? 
What tribes did the French use their trading connections to recruit fighters from in the Great Lakes region? 
What was the name of the French regular army troops in North America? 
How many Indians was Céloron's expedition force? 
When did Céloron's expedition arrive at Logstown? 
What does Céloron write about the Natives of these localities? 
In what year did the British government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia? 
Who signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748? 
What was the name of the Governor-General of New France? 
What was the name of the Iroquois who sent runners to the manor of William Johnson? 
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to? 
What was the name of the Super Bowl 50? 
Who was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). Who defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game? 
How many sacks did The Broncos take an early lead in Super Bowl 50? 
What was the third most watched U.S. broadcast ever? 
In what year did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell declare that the NFL planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular"? 
Who narrowed the bids to three sites? 
When did the league announce that the two finalists were Sun Life Stadium and Levi's Stadium? 
What was the first Super Bowl held in San Francisco Bay Area since Super Bowl XIX in 1985? 
Who was one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss? 
Who was the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978? 
Who led the Panthers offense in scoring? 
Who led the Panthers in interceptions with 24? 
What did the Broncos lose in the divisional round of the previous season's playoffs? 
Who did Manning finish the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating? 
What was the first time the Broncos' defense ranked first in the NFL yards allowed? 
Who beat the Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round of the NFC Championship Game? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who suffered a major setback when Thomas Davis went down with a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game? 
Who led the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII? 
What was the first Super Bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the #1 pick in their draft classes? 
Who was a linebacker with the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX? 
What was Levi's Stadium's field of a high enough quality to host a Super Bowl? 
Who used the San Jose State practice facility? 
When did the NFL announce that the practice of branding Super Bowl games with Roman numerals would be temporarily suspended? 
How many gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 NFL season to tie into the "Golden Super Bowl"? 
What was the annual NFL Experience held at the Moscone Center in San Francisco? 
What was the name of the game's media day? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee and the NFL? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee? 
What will the winner of Super Bowl 50 receive? 
What was the name of the televised game in the United States? 
Who provided digital streams of the game via CBSSports.com? 
What was CBS's lead-out program for Super Bowl 50? 
When did CBS set the base rate for a 30-second ad at $5,000,000? 
Who paid for movie trailers to be aired during the Super Bowl? 
Who will carry the game throughout North America? 
What is the name of the flagship stations in the markets of each team? 
Which BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Live Sports Extra will carry the contest? 
Which Grammy winner performed the national anthem? 
When did reports surface that "multiple acts" would perform during the halftime show? 
Who completed an 18-yard pass to Owen Daniels and a 22-yard throw to Andre Caldwell? 
What was the first fumble return touchdown in a Super Bowl since Super Bowl XXVIII? 
What did Carolina finish with a 9-play, 73-yard scoring drive? 
What linebacker recovered on the Broncos 40-yard line? 
What did the Panthers score on their opening drive of the second half? 
What did the Broncos drive to the Panthers 41-yard line in the third quarter? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive? 
Who finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns? 
Who was the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the Saxon Garden? 
What are the 13 natural reserves in Warsaw? 
What was the most diverse city in Poland? 
What was the oldest and most influential Polish academic center in Poland? 
What was the University Library founded in 1816? 
What did Warsaw do during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy? 
What is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What is the Teatr Wielki, the Polish National Opera, the Chamber Opera, the National Philharmonic Hall and the National Theatre? 
When was the Summer Theatre in operation in Ogród Saski? 
How many commemorative events take place every year in Warsaw? 
What is one of the largest collections of art posters in the world? 
When is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located? 
What is the name of the mermaid? 
What is the name of Triton's daughters? 
Who was a famous artist born in Warsaw? 
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world? 
When did Kraków serve as the Polish capital city? 
What is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese? 
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language? 
What were the first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw? 
In what year did Warsaw become the seat of the General Sejm? 
When was Warsaw annexed to become the capital of South Prussia? 
What was Warsaw occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918? 
When was Warsaw defended until the end of the Second World War? 
When was the Red Army deep into Poland? 
When was the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign initiated? 
In what year did John Paul II visit his native country? 
What is the highest point on the left side of Warsaw? 
What is the specific axis of Warsaw that divides Warsaw into two parts? 
What is the pattern of the Vistula terraces asymmetrical? 
What was Warsaw razed to the ground during the Second World War by bombing raids and planned destruction? 
What is the most notable example of Gothic architecture in the city? 
What is one of the best examples of rococo architecture in Warsaw? 
What was the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture? 
How many places commemorate the heroic history of Warsaw? 
What is the oldest park in Praga? 
What is the flora of Warsaw considered very rich in? 
In what year did c. 1,300,000 people live in Warsaw? 
What percentage of Warsaw's inhabitants were Catholics, 35.7% Jews, 5% Greek orthodox Christians and 2.8% Protestants? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? 
What is the name of the town council in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the mayor of Warsaw? 
In what year did 304,016 companies be registered in Warsaw? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? 
What is the name of the FSO Car Factory? 
What is the capital and largest city of Poland? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 10th and 11th centuries? 
What was the name of the Norman dynasty? 
What is the French word Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant? 
What was the name of the Duchy of Normandy? 
What was the name of the Viking settlers that began arriving in the 880s? 
Who would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism and Gallo-Romance? 
When did the Normans adopt the feudal doctrines of the rest of France? 
When did the Normans enter the Mezzogiorno as warriors? 
Who received the county of Aversa in 1030? 
Who captured Sicily and Malta from the Saracens? 
What did the Normans combine with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to form a unique government? 
What was the name of the Normans who entered the Byzantine Empire? 
What was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general in the 1050s? 
How many families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration? 
What was Robert Guiscard's vassal? 
How many years after the First Crusade were the Normans under the command of Bohemond? 
What was the third attack of Byzantine state-of-affairs in 1185? 
What was the name of the Normans who were in contact with England from an early date? 
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge? 
In what year did Duke William II conquer England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings? 
What language became distinct from the Latin language during the Hundred Years' War? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 1169 invasion of Bannow Bay? 
Who was one of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror? 
What was the name of the Normans who came into Scotland? 
What was the name of the Norman Conquest of England? 
When did the Marches come under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons? 
When did the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality? 
Who was the de facto leader of the Crusade during the siege of Amalfi? 
What forces of the Third Crusade conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of Cyprus? 
In what year did Richard leave Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre? 
How many princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time? 
When was Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre? 
When was Cyprus sold to the Knights Templar? 
Who took the title of King of the Canary Islands? 
What was the customary law of Normandy developed between the 10th and 13th centuries? 
What is a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued? 
In what country did the period of Norman architecture succeed? 
In what century did the dukes begin a programme of church reform? 
What is the most famous work of Norman art? 
What type of artwork survives in Britain? 
What was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century? 
How many monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil? 
Who was Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla pursue in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship? 
Who was born into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan in 1856? 
Who was the fourth of five children? 
In what year did Tesla move to Karlovac to attend school at the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what year did Tesla return to his birthtown in Smiljan? 
In what year did Tesla evade being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army? 
In what year did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
In what year did Tesla leave Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school? 
When was Milutin Tesla returned to Gospi under police guard? 
In what year did Tesla's uncles put together enough money to help him leave Gospi? 
When did Tesla move to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás? 
In what year did Tesla start working for the Continental Edison Company? 
In what year was Tesla offered the task of redesigning Edison's direct current generators? 
What company did Tesla partner with in 1886? 
In what year did Tesla meet Alfred S. Brown, a Western Union superintendent, and New York attorney Charles F. Peck? 
What was one of the things Tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system at the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1888? 
What year did Tesla work in Pittsburgh to create an alternating current system to power the city's streetcars? 
What was Westinghouse's first AC system in 1886? 
Who won the bid to light the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago? 
In what year did Richard Dean Adams lead the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company? 
What was the name of the conglomerate General Electric in the mid 1890s? 
When did Tesla become a naturalized citizen of the United States? 
When did Tesla serve as vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
In what year did Tesla begin investigating what? 
What did Tesla mention in his notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon? 
When did Benjamin Lamme make great progress developing an efficient version of Tesla's induction motor? 
When did the New York Herald Tribune publish an article on Tesla? 
In what year did Tesla demonstrate a radio-controlled boat to the public? 
What was Tesla's lab located near Foote Ave. and Kiowa St? 
What was Tesla observing from lightning storms? 
How many volts of artificial lightning were produced? 
In what year did Tesla fault a power station generator? 
In what year did Tesla speak to reporter Julian Hawthorne? 
In what year did John Jacob Astor IV invest $100,000 for Tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system? 
What was Tesla's lab torn down in 1904? 
What did Tesla ask for to build a more powerful transmitter? 
In what year did Marconi send the letter S to Newfoundland? 
How many rpm bladeless turbines did Tesla demonstrate on his 50th birthday? 
Who invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator? 
In what year did Tesla create a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity? 
When was the Wardenclyffe Tower demolished? 
What was the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla biographers claim that Edison and Tesla were the original recipients of the $20,000 prize money? 
In what year did Tesla receive one of 38 possible bids? 
When did the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company begin paying Tesla $125 per month? 
In what year did Tesla announce a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance? 
In what year did Tesla leave the Hotel New Yorker to feed the pigeons? 
What did Tesla claim about a "teleforce" weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator? 
In what year did Tesla say that the death ray is not an experiment... I have built, demonstrated and used it? 
When did Tesla write a treatise about charged particle beam weapons? 
In what period did Tesla say that efforts had been made to steal the invention? 
Who died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943? 
Who ordered the Alien Property Custodian to seize Tesla's belongings? 
When did the mayor of New York read a eulogy written by Louis Adamic live over the WNYC radio? 
How many patents were obtained worldwide for Tesla's inventions? 
What restaurant did Tesla work every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later? 
When did Tesla walk between 8 to 10 miles per day? 
In what interview did Tesla say that he did not believe in telepathy? 
When did Tesla walk to the park to feed the pigeons? 
Who was Tesla 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighed 142 pounds from 1888 to 1926? 
What language did Tesla speak in his autobiography? 
What was Tesla's second year of study at Graz? 
What was Tesla's chastity helpful to his scientific abilities? 
Who was Tesla prone to seclude himself with his work? 
Who was a good friend of Tesla? 
When did Tesla fire a secretary because of her weight? 
What was Tesla's pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings? 
What was Tesla generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy? 
In what year did Tesla claim to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy? 
Who became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics? 
In what year did Tesla comment on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality? 
Who made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-World War I environment in a printed article? 
What did Tesla consider himself a "believer in the orthodox sense"? 
What was Tesla's article published in 1937? 
Who wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals? 
How many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web? 
What genre of science fiction has Tesla endured? 
Who put Tesla on its cover on Tesla's 75th birthday in 1931? 
What is a problem regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources? 
What is a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computability theory? 
What is the input string for a computational problem referred to as? 
What is the difference between a problem and an instance? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet? 
What is an example of a decision problem? 
What is a computational problem where a single output (of a total function) is expected for every input? 
What is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems? 
How much time does the best algorithm require to solve a computational problem? 
When the input size is n, the time taken can be expressed as a function of n? 
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine? 
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic Turing machine, which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions? 
How many types of Turing machines are used to define complex classes? 
What type of machine models have been proposed in the literature? 
What is a non-deterministic Turing machine allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once? 
What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
What are the most well-known complexity resources? 
What are the three different ways of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size? 
What algorithm solves the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input? 
What is the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem? 
What is the difference between the upper and lower bounds? 
What does a typical complexity class have? 
What is the language xx | x can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine? 
What can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm? 
What is the class of all decision problems? 
What is DTIME(n) contained in DTIME(n2)? 
What does the time hierarchy theorem tell us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME? 
How many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction? 
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction, which means that the reduction process takes polynomial time? 
What is hard for a complexity class? 
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm? 
The graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic? 
The integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer? 
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? 
What is the class containing the complement problems? 
What is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space? 
What are problems that can be solved in theory? 
What means intractability in practice is open to debate? 
What was the definition of Turing machines by Alan Turing in 1936? 
What paper did Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns write about computational complexity? 
What is John Myhill's definition of linear bounded automata? 
What do some proofs of complex theoretic theorems often assume? 
In what year did Manuel Blum develop an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms? 
What is a formal and ongoing role of teacher? 
What is a teacher's role? 
In some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling? 
What type of teaching may be carried out informally, within the family, or in the wider community? 
What does a teacher's professional duties extend beyond formal teaching? 
What are some bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers? 
What are the functions of the teacher's colleges? 
What is a teacher who teaches on an individual basis? 
What is a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills, knowledge and/or thinking skills? 
What is typically a course of study, lesson plan, or practical skill? 
What does pedagogy involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills? 
What is the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching? 
What is true in most of the United States as well? 
What has become a new trend amongst educational institutions? 
What was the most common form of school discipline in the history of education? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline in the world? 
How many US states have banned corporal punishment? 
What type of punishment is commonly used in schools in Asian, African and Caribbean countries? 
What is one of the most common punishments in schools in the United States, the UK, Ireland, Singapore? 
What is a modern example of school discipline in North America and Western Europe? 
What is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics? 
What is the stereotypical view of East Asian classrooms? 
Where are school class sizes typically 40 to 50 students? 
What does Sudbury model democratic schools claim that can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike? 
What can teachers affect how students perceive the course materials? 
What can lead to students who are more likely to be engaged, interested, energetic, and curious about learning the subject matter? 
What is a mechanism by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation? 
What are student motivation and attitudes towards school closely linked to? 
What are teachers that spend more time working directly with students perceived as supportive and effective teachers? 
What is the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching? 
How many students in the U.S. claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education? 
What was a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional? 
How many high-profile cases have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct in the United States? 
Who said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register? 
What can negatively impact teachers' mental and physical health, productivity, and students' performance? 
What percentage of UK teachers experienced occupational stress? 
What can be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers? 
What are many similarities and differences among teachers around the world? 
What is education in Australia primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories? 
What is a post-secondary degree required to become a qualified teacher? 
What is the name of the special university classes in Germany? 
What is the basic pay for a starting teacher in Ireland? 
Who is required to be registered with the Teaching Council? 
From 2006 has Garda vetting been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession? 
What was the salary for Nursery, Primary and Secondary School teachers in September 2007? 
How many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching? 
What salary year did unpromoted teachers earn from £20,427 for a Probationer? 
In what year did 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools use Welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction? 
Who can be registered members of trade unions in Wales? 
What is the average teacher salary for US teachers? 
What is a strong tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical Christian traditions? 
What is an office in the Aaronic priesthood? 
What is the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? 
In Tibetan Buddhism the teachers of Dharma are most commonly called a Lama in Tibet. 
Who was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation? 
Who taught that salvation and eternal life is not earned by good deeds? 
What was his translation of the Bible in the vernacular that made it more accessible? 
What was Martin Luther born to? 
In what year did he enter the University of Erfurt? 
What was Luther's father's wish? 
Who dedicated himself to the Augustinian order? 
In 1507 was von Staupitz ordained to the priesthood? 
Who was awarded a Doctor of Theology on 19 October 1512? 
When did Luther write to his bishop, Albert of Mainz, protest the sale of indulgences? 
Who claimed indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation? 
What was Tetzel's teaching on indulgences for the dead? 
What is the story of the posting on the door? 
Who translated the 95 Theses from Latin into German in January 1518? 
What year did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? 
When did Luther teach on the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians? 
What was Luther's teaching in 1525? 
When did Luther's rediscovery of "Christ and His salvation" become the foundation for the Reformation? 
What did Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg do not reply to Luther's letter? 
What was Pope Leo X used to reformers and heretics? 
In what year did the papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz adopt a more conciliatory approach? 
When did Luther appear as ordered before the Diet of Worms? 
Who was the assistant of the Archbishop of Trier? 
When did Luther raise his arm in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout? 
Who refused to recant his writings? 
What was the final draft of the Edict of Worms? 
What was Luther's disappearance during his return trip to Wittenberg planned? 
When did Luther write to Melanchthon on the same theme? 
In what year did Luther extend his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices? 
Who dealt with prophecy in 1521? 
In what year did Andreas Karlstadt embark on a radical programme of reform in Wittenberg? 
Who returned to Wittenberg on 6 March 1522? 
Who wrote to the elector: "Oh, what joy has Dr. Martin's return spread among us?" 
What did Luther next set about reversing or modifying the new church practices? 
Who helped instigate the German Peasants' War of 1524–25? 
What was Luther's response to the Twelve Articles? 
What did Luther justify his opposition to the rebels on three grounds? 
When did the Swabian League defeat the Swabian League at the Battle of Frankenhausen? 
What year did Martin Luther marry Katharina von Bora? 
Who did Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage? 
When did Luther and his wife move into a monastery? 
When did Luther find himself increasingly occupied in organising a new church? 
What did Luther do to avoid confusing or upsetting the people? 
In what year did Luther write a German Mass? 
Who introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the Electorate of Saxony? 
How did Luther devise the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of Christianity to the congregations? 
What is one of Luther's most personal works? 
What was Luther's Small Catechism used to help parents teach their children? 
What was Luther's German translation of the New Testament published in 1522? 
Who used the variant of German spoken at the Saxon chancellery? 
When did Luther's version become a popular and influential Bible translation? 
When did Luther write hymns such as "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott"? 
What was Luther's hymn often evoked by in his life and the unfolding Reformation? 
What is Luther's hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer? 
Who wrote "Ach Gott, vom Himmel sieh darein"? 
How many of Luther's hymns were included in early Lutheran hymnals? 
What did Johann Sebastian Bach include as chorales in his cantatas? 
When did Francis Blackburne argue that John Jortin misread the passages of Luther's Commentary on Genesis? 
In what year did Philip I convoke an assembly of German and Swiss theologians at the Marburg Colloquy? 
What is the meaning of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper? 
In what year did the Marburg Colloquy pave the way for the signing of the Augsburg Confession? 
In what year did Luther write that Jesus Christ was born a Jew? 
When was Suleiman the Magnificent besieging Vienna? 
In what year did Luther read a Latin translation of the Qur'an? 
What is Luther's second use of the law? 
What are the beginnings of the renewed life of Christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism? 
Who became involved in the bigamy of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse? 
What did Luther write about the Jews during his career? 
Who tried to help the Jews of Saxony in 1537? 
Who was the most widely read author of his generation? 
When did seven Protestant regional church confederations issue a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing Jews to wear the yellow badge? 
What is the heart of scholars' debate about Luther's influence? 
What did other scholars argue that, even if his views were merely anti-Judaic? 
When did Lutheran Church denominations repudiate Martin Luther's statements against the Jews? 
What was Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, and a cataract in one eye? 
What was Luther's poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments? 
What was Luther's last sermon delivered at Eisleben on 15 February 1546? 
What was Luther's final journey to Mansfeld? 
When did the negotiations begin? 
When did an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech? 
What was Luther's last statement? 
What were printed images of Luther that emphasized his monumental size crucial to the spread of Protestantism? 
What is Southern California a geographic and cultural region? 
What is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States? 
What is Southern California's population? 
Where is the Colorado Desert and the Colorado River at the border with Arizona? 
What is Los Angeles the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States? 
Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside are the five most populous counties in the state? 
What is the name associated with the motion picture, television, and music industry? 
What is Southern California's home grown surf and skateboard culture? 
How many locals and tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches? 
What is the name of California's north-south midway point? 
What was the name of the northern boundary of southern California? 
In what year did the Los Angeles Times define southern California as? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States? 
What is the main gap to continued urbanization? 
What is a Mediterranean climate in Southern California? 
What is one of the more varied collections of geologic, topographic, and natural ecosystem landscapes in Southern California? 
How many earthquakes are observed in the southern California area each year? 
What can produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake? 
What is Southern California divided culturally, politically, and economically into distinctive regions? 
What is Southern California's Combined Statistical Area? 
What are the two largest cities in all of California? 
What is the largest economy in the United States? 
What have been major industries since the 1920s? 
What are the major business districts in Southern California? 
What are the major business districts of Downtown Burbank, Downtown Santa Monica, Downtown Glendale and Downtown Long Beach? 
What are the business districts of San Bernardino-Riverside? 
What is Orange County a rapidly developing business center that includes Downtown Santa Ana, the South Coast Metro and Newport Center districts? 
What is the central business district of San Diego? 
How many lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles? 
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located? 
What is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base? 
What is the name of the professional sports teams in Southern California? 
What was the name of the two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? 
What are the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans both field teams in the NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference? 
What is a growing sport in southern California? 
What was BSkyB's largest digital subscription television company? 
What did the European Commission consider the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition and the consumer? 
What was BSkyB excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium? 
What did BSkyB initially charge for using a Sky+ PVR? 
What is the name of the videoGuard pay-TV scrambling system owned by BSkyB? 
When did Virgin Media and BSkyB become involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV? 
What was the idea of converting BSkyB's business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept? 
What is the name of the British telecommunications company that serves the United Kingdom? 
What is the Sky Q range of products and services to be available in 2016? 
What is BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in? 
When was Sky Digital launched? 
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service? 
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? 
What is a universal Ku band LNB which is fitted at the end of the dish? 
What year did ITV hold talks for the broadcast rights for the Premier League? 
Who has no veto over the presence of channels on BSkyB's EPG? 
What was BSkyB's digital service officially launched on 1 October 1998? 
When did Virgin Media start to offer a high-definition television (HDTV) capable set top box? 
In what year did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service become available in 10 million homes? 
How much does the new deal include for the channels? 
What is Victoria's total gross state product ranked second in Australia? 
How many Chinese miners worked in Victoria? 
In what year did the Victorian Legislative Council elections be held under a new multi-member proportional representation system? 
About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian? 
What is Victoria in the south-east of Australia? 
In what year did Great Britain claim the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east? 
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain? 
What constitution was enacted by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1975? 
What are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts? 
What is the name of the public schools in Victoria? 
What is the name of the major car brands Ford, Toyota and Holden? 
How many topographically, geologically and climatically diverse areas are found in Victoria? 
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria? 
How many private and public railway operators operate on government-owned lines in Victoria? 
How many seats in the Australian House of Representatives are in the Australian House of Representatives? 
What was the name of the first Victorian Legislative Council issued on 1 July 1851? 
How many public schools did Victoria have as of August 2010? 
What is the centre of dairy farming in Australia? 
What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines built in mountainous areas? 
What was the name of the colony of New South Wales? 
What was the name of the rebellion against the government of Victoria in 1854? 
Who is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly? 
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04? 
What do major events play a big part in Victoria's tourism? 
When did the Huguenots peaked near an estimated two million? 
What was the name Huguenot used in derision? 
What was important to the spread of the Protestant movement and development of the Reformed church in France? 
What was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope? 
In what year did the Huguenots settle in New France? 
What was the name of the first Huguenot church in North America? 
What was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic? 
How many Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century? 
What was the height of the persecution of the Huguenots? 
By 1620 the Huguenots were on the defensive, and the government increasingly applied pressure? 
How many Protestants in modern France represent 2% of its population? 
What is the oldest street in the United States of America? 
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees in the Dutch Republic after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes? 
Who was the gate of King Hugo haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet? 
What was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830? 
How many Huguenots were exodus from France created a brain drain? 
What was the pattern of warfare followed by brief periods of peace? 
What did the revocation forbade Protestant services? 
Who was the first Huguenots to leave France? 
What do many of the farms in South Africa still bear French names? 
Who signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina? 
What was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time? 
In what year did the Huguenots create two new neighbourhoods? 
When did Huguenots flee to surrounding Protestant countries? 
In what year did a group of Norman Huguenots establish the small colony of Fort Caroline? 
When did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to the colony of Virginia? 
How many Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch against Spain during the first years of the Dutch Revolt? 
How many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th and early 18th centuries? 
In what year did Prince Louis de Condé establish a Huguenot community? 
How many Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations? 
What was the name of the pro-reform and Gallican Roman Catholics? 
What was the Massacre of 24 August – 3 October 1572? 
When did Louis XIV gain the throne? 
What was the name of the Huguenots in New York? 
What was the name of the Huguenot congregations in North America? 
What was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands? 
What was the French Protestant Church of London established by Royal Charter in 1550? 
When did Huguenot refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms? 
When is the working fluid separate from the combustion products? 
What was the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive built by Richard Trevithick? 
How many steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water? 
What is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages to increase efficiency? 
In what year did patent valve gears have a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve riding on the back of the main slide valve? 
What can lead fusible plugs be present in the boiler's firebox? 
In what year did James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion? 
What was the first recorded rudimentary steam engine described by Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria? 
When did compound engines come into widespread use? 
What was the final major evolution of the steam engine design? 
What is the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? 
How are the pistons connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other? 
When does the steam reverse its direction of flow at each stroke (counterflow), entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port? 
What is the aim of the uniflow engine? 
What is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine that does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder? 
What is the working fluid in a Rankine cycle? 
What is the temperature range the Rankine cycle can operate over? 
How many steam engines were the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution? 
When did Trevithick begin his experiments using a trio of locomotives? 
In what year was Arthur Woolf invented a method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling? 
How much of the world's electric production was by steam turbines in the 1990s? 
What is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine? 
What was the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency? 
When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century? 
What was the first commercial steam-powered device developed by Thomas Savery? 
In what year did Richard Trevithick and Oliver Evans introduce engines using high-pressure steam? 
What is the reciprocating steam engine no longer in widespread commercial use? 
Where does steam turbines use surface condensers as a cold sink? 
When was the centrifugal governor adopted for use on a steam engine? 
What was common for industrial units, for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880? 
What are the simplest valve gears that give events of fixed length during the engine cycle? 
In what year did Thomas Savery obtain the first patent for a steam engine? 
What type of rotors are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine with a separate condenser? 
What do steam engines often possess for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? 
What was the Corliss steam engine patented in 1849? 
How did the steam engine contribute to the development of thermodynamic theory? 
What is one of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over others? 
What can be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox? 
What was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine? 
How many nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator? 
When is the Rankine cycle referred to as a practical Carnot cycle? 
What are the major inorganic compounds in living organisms? 
In what century did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for combustion? 
When did Joseph Priestley study mercuric oxide in a glass tube? 
Who conducted one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air? 
What is the oxidant, not the fuel, but the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion? 
What is a fuel used to store and transmit gaseous and liquid oxygen? 
What was thought to be made mostly of phlogiston? 
How many oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other? 
What was the name of Oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1773 or earlier? 
What is dioxygen's double bond character and reactivity? 
What is a reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue? 
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study? 
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen? 
What is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe? 
When did scientists realize that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it? 
How many oxygen isotopes did planetary geologists measure in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites? 
What is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O 2 in which all electron spins are paired? 
What is Oxygen's spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at? 
What do O 2 molecules impart to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field? 
What are the dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms? 
What does the increased solubility of O 2 at lower temperatures have important implications for ocean life? 
What was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved about 3.5 billion years ago? 
What is the result of the oxygen cycle? 
What type of euphoric has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and, when needed, the medical staff? 
What is the essential purpose of respiration? 
When does oxygen form chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides? 
What do people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O 2 supplies? 
What type of storage methods are used for high pressure oxygen tanks, cryogenics and chemical compounds? 
What is the most important class of organic compounds that contain oxygen? 
What is the element found in almost all biomolecules that are important to (or generated by) life? 
What can toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system occur in deep scuba diving? 
In what space suits does Breathing pure O 2 cause no damage due to the low total pressures? 
What can be toxic at elevated partial pressures? 
What was the name of the oil crisis that began when the oil crisis began? 
What was the major impact of the crisis on international relations? 
On what date did the United States unilaterally pull out of the Bretton Woods Accord? 
When did OPEC slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? 
When did OPEC raise the posted price of oil to $5.11 a barrel? 
What did scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973? 
What had a negative influence on the US economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security? 
What member of the European Economic Community faced a complete embargo? 
What was the main factor in the change of government? 
What exacerbated the crisis in the US? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? 
In what year was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph imposed by the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act? 
What has led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? 
In what year did the U.S. consider military action to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields? 
What percentage of its imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970? 
What was the only sign of insecurity in the region? 
How many cylinder engines did Japanese imports have? 
What was the Toyota Hilux and the Datsun Truck introduced? 
What did General Motors, Ford and Chrysler introduce for domestic sales? 
What was the NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215? 
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position? 
What was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration? 
What was the Gemini program that supported Apollo from 1961 to 1972? 
What was the major setback of a 1967 Apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test? 
What was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body? 
What was the name of the Apollo program conceived during the Eisenhower administration? 
In what year did Hugh L. Dryden announce the Apollo program to industry representatives? 
In what year was John F. Kennedy elected president? 
Who was the first person to fly in space on April 12, 1961? 
When did Kennedy send a memo to Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson asking Johnson to look into the status of America's space program? 
What was the name of Robert R. Gilruth's Space Task Group? 
What was the name of the LOC's first Director? 
Who recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job? 
What was Mueller's first manned landing in July 1969? 
In what year was direct ascent generally the mission mode in favor of NASA? 
What did Jerome Wiesner do to Kennedy's science advisor before Kennedy took office? 
How did Wiesner make the disagreement public during a two-day visit to Marshall Space Flight Center? 
What was Maxime Faget's preliminary Apollo design? 
What was the conical crew cabin designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit? 
What was a service propulsion engine and an RCS with propellants? 
What was the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA? 
What was the Lunar Module designed to descend from lunar orbit? 
When did Wernher von Braun start working on the Apollo program? 
What was the first stage of the Saturn IB? 
What was the three-stage Saturn V designed to send a fully fueled CSM and LM to the Moon? 
Who was the first NASA scientist astronaut to fly in space? 
Who awarded all 32 of these astronauts the Distinguished Service Medal? 
When were two Block I CSMs launched on suborbital flights? 
What was the name of the first block II CSM and LM? 
Who became Director of Flight Crew Operations for the Gemini and Apollo programs? 
When was the AS-205 mission canceled? 
What was the cause of North American's problems? 
When did the plugs-out test begin? 
How many houses of Congress overseen an accident review board? 
What was the most important of the changes in the Block II spacecraft and operation procedures? 
In what year did Mueller approve a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing? 
What was the first unmanned flight of the Saturn V? 
What was the first unmanned test flight of LM in Earth orbit? 
When was Apollo 8 planned to be the D mission? 
What was the first landing at the Sea of Tranquility on July 20, 1969? 
How many Saturn Vs were enough for lunar landing missions through Apollo 20? 
When did Apollo 13 launch Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise? 
When was the first landing in 1969? 
What is the age of rocks collected from the Moon? 
What is never seen on Earth rocks due to the thick atmosphere? 
In what year did NASA hold a symposium on project costs? 
What was the most ambitious plan called for using an empty S-IVB as an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission? 
Who was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board? 
In what year did the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater? 
Who sent the first live televised pictures of the Earth and the Moon back to Earth? 
What was the name of the Apollo TV camera recorded? 
What was the budget for the surviving lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11? 
What is a body of treaties and legislation? 
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law? 
What are the primary constitutional sources of the EU's constitution? 
What is the primary law of the EU? 
What were the main Treaties that form the European Union? 
What was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union? 
Who was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament in 1999? 
What does the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
What is the second main legislative body of the EU? 
Who defines the "ordinary legislative procedure" that applies for most EU acts? 
What role has the judicial branch of the EU played in the development of EU law? 
What does the European Court of Justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems? 
What does the Court of Justice have? 
What is the constitutional law that binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law? 
What does the TFEU article 30 mean to the Dutch Customs Authorities? 
What do Directives do not give citizens standing to sue other citizens? 
What did the Italian government fail to implement in Pubblico Ministero v Ratti? 
What is the duty of national courts to interpret domestic law as far as possible in light of the wording and purpose of the directive? 
What are the principles of European Union law developed by the European Court of Justice? 
What principle of proportionality is recognised by the European Court of Justice since the 1950s? 
The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s? 
What was first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 60s? 
What was the only concern that member states should be prevented from violating human rights? 
What is the legal value of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union? 
What was the Social Charter adopted by 11 of the then 12 member states in 1989? 
In what year was the UK Labour Party elected to government? 
What was the name of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Germany? 
What does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit in Article 101(1)? 
In what year did the concept of a "social market economy" be introduced into EU law? 
What is the principle of non-discrimination achieved by a customs union? 
What did the Court of Justice consider to be contrary to TFEU article 34? 
What did the Treaties seek to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country? 
What are the main provisions of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation? 
What has increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? 
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect? 
What is the name of the rainforest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? 
When did the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction occur? 
What is believed to have split the drainage basin of the Amazon along the middle of the continent by the Purus Arch? 
How many tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year? 
How many people lived in the Amazon rainforest in AD 1500? 
Who was the first European to travel the length of the Amazon River? 
What is the name of the land that is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest? 
How many species of insect species are in Brazil? 
What is the highest biodiversity of plant species on Earth? 
What species can pose a hazard in the rainforest? 
What is the main source of deforestation in the Amazon? 
What is the mean annual deforestation rate in the Brazilian Amazon between 2000 and 2005? 
Who is concerned about the loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest? 
What is one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions? 
How many indigenous peoples continue to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories? 
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organize the trees of the Amazon into four categories? 
What year did parts of the Amazon basin experience the worst drought in one hundred years? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought? 
What is the name of a phylum of animals that live in marine waters? 
What do ctenophores have? 
What can a single animal produce both eggs and sperm at the same time? 
What is the name of the ctenophore that has been introduced into the Black Sea? 
What are fossils thought to represent ctenophores? 
What is an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges? 
What is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and cnidarians? 
What are ctenophores the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? 
What type of species do ctenophores have? 
How many comb rows do ctenophores swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing? 
What do some species rely on to adapt to water of different densities? 
What is the main component of the aboral organ? 
Which species of cydippids have bodies that are more or less rounded? 
What are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with? 
What are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end? 
What are the lobes of the Lobata? 
How many comb-rows do lobates have? 
What is the name of the Beroida? 
What is the name of the Cestida? 
What are most Platyctenids that have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction? 
How many species of the genus Ocryopsis are hermaphrodites? 
In what genus Beroe the juveniles lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths? 
What is the name of the ctenophores that is part of the ctenophores? 
What was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals? 
What type of ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten? 
What is Stromatoveris from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte? 
What is the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores? 
What is the county seat of Fresno County? 
When did the Central Pacific Railroad establish a station near Easterby's? 
What was Fresno's population before World War II? 
In what year did BankAmericard launch a new product called BankAmericard in Fresno? 
Who wrote "Walking Into Fresno" in the 1970s? 
What is Fresno's largest public park? 
Between the 1880s and World War II, what was Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings? 
What is the name of the neighborhood on Fresno's far southeast side? 
What area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline in the late 1960s and 1970s? 
What is the center of Fresno's LGBT and hipster Communities? 
What is the name of Fresno's early twentieth century homes? 
What was the name of the historic Alta Vista Tract? 
What is the name of the "West Side" of Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after? 
How many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before? 
What was the name of Woodward Park in the north eastern part of Fresno? 
What was the first aviation community to be built in 1946? 
What is Fresno's semi-arid climate? 
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno? 
What was the population density of Fresno in 2010? 
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? 
What was the population density of the city as of the census of 2000? 
What is the name of the first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? 
What is Amtrak San Joaquins' main passenger rail station? 
Who developed the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching in the late 1950s? 
What is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session? 
What type of communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes? 
When did Baran develop the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching? 
Who developed the same message routing methodology as Baran? 
What is a connection identifier rather than address information? 
What does X.25 do at the network layer of the OSI Model? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational? 
What was AppleTalk's proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. in 1985? 
What was the name of the CYCLADES packet switching network? 
What was DECnet originally released in 1975 to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
In what year was a data network based on this voice-phone network designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers? 
What was the name of the 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities? 
What was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States? 
What was the name of the international data communications network Tymnet headquartered in San Jose? 
What were two types of X.25 networks initially implemented with an X.25 external interface? 
What was AUSTPAC's first public X.25 network? 
What was the name of the public switched data network operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom? 
What was the name of the computer science network that was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation? 
What is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities? 
In what year did the Very high-speed Backbone Network Service come on line? 
What is the name of the Black Death in Central Asia? 
What is enzootic in populations of fleas carried by rodents? 
In what year was Plague first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders? 
In what year did the disease spread to France, Spain, Portugal and England? 
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria in Egypt? 
When did Gasquet claim the Latin name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appear in modern times? 
What was the most authoritative account at the time of medical knowledge stagnated during the Middle Ages? 
What is the dominant explanation for the Black Death? 
Who wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893? 
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague? 
What were two previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves? 
Who did J. F. D. Shrewsbury first challenge the plague theory in 1970? 
What is an epidemiological account of the plague as important as an identification of symptoms? 
What did sceptics argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic? 
Who suggested the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax? 
What is the most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East during this time? 
What year was the plague present somewhere in Europe between 1346 and 1671? 
Who proposes a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300? 
In what century was the plague present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time? 
Who was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850? 
What is an important concept in geology that illustrates the relationships between these three types of rock? 
What was the most important discovery in the 1960s? 
What did plate tectonics provide for many observations of the solid Earth? 
How can seismologists use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the Earth? 
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale? 
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? 
What did geologists use to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events at the beginning of the 20th century? 
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten and become thicker than muds? 
What is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning? 
What happens during the addition of new rock units? 
What are the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States and the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States? 
What methods do geologists use to decipher Earth history and understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth? 
What are the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory? 
How do structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks? 
What are some of the most well-known experiments in structural geology? 
In what laboratory do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? 
In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first geological map of the U.S. produced in 1809? 
How did Sir Charles Lyell first publish his famous book Principles of Geology? 
What is Newcastle upon Tyne? 
What was the name of the city named after in 1080? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? 
What was Newcastle's northern fortress during the Middle Ages? 
When was a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from Tyneside to Newcastle Quayside? 
What was the name of the close-knit community of keelmen in the Sandgate area? 
In what year did the North declare for the King? 
In what century did shipbuilding and heavy engineering be central to the city's prosperity? 
In what part does Newcastle retain a medieval street layout? 
What was the name of Newcastle's neoclassical centre? 
What is the Town Moor located in Newcastle? 
What was the Gateshead Millennium Bridge commissioned by Gateshead Council? 
Who built the Grainger Town area between 1835 and 1842? 
What was the name of the Grainger Market? 
What is the climate in Newcastle? 
In what year was Newcastle positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the UK? 
What is the largest Tesco store in the United Kingdom located in? 
What was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on Tyneside were growing most rapidly? 
What was the proportion of detached homes in the 2010 census? 
What is Newcastle's population according to the Office for National Statistics? 
What is the average age of people living in Newcastle? 
What is the name of the dialect of Newcastle? 
What are examples of Geordie words with origins in Scandinavia? 
What was Newcastle named as the noisiest city in the whole of the UK? 
What is the name of the 'Diamond Strip'? 
How many years did Stephen Kemble manage the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle? 
Who designed the Theatre Royal on Grey Street in 1837? 
What is the largest independent library outside London? 
In what year does the Newcastle Beer Festival take place? 
What is the largest travelling fair in Europe? 
What is Newcastle Mela held on the late August bank holiday weekend? 
What song was covered by Geordie ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne in 1990? 
What was the Pilgrim Street building refurbished between November 2006 and May 2008? 
What is the Centre for Life with its Science Village? 
What movie is the earliest known to feature some exterior scenes filmed in Newcastle? 
Who is the most successful team in the British Basketball League? 
What is Newcastle International Airport located in the northern outskirts of the city? 
How many Grade One listed railway stations in the UK were built in 2014? 
How many hours does Virgin Trains East Coast train to London King's Cross? 
What is Newcastle's first urban light rail transit system? 
What is the name of the programme 'Metro: All Change'? 
What is the name of the new line of the A1? 
What are the main bus companies in Newcastle? 
In what year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy? 
When did the Danish DFDS Seaways run a service to IJmuiden? 
What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle? 
Who was the University of Newcastle upon Tyne established in 1834? 
Who designed the Roman Catholic St. Mary's? 
What was the last addition to the Parish Church of St Andrew? 
When was ITV Tyne Tees based? 
What is the first full-time community radio station in Newcastle? 
Who was the leading British composer of concertos in the 18th century? 
Who were the former pupils of Rutherford Grammar School? 
What is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design? 
Who owns the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture? 
What was Henry Cole's first director of the V&A? 
What was the official opening by Queen Victoria on 22 June 1857? 
How many visitors attended the Britain Can Make It exhibition between September and November 1946? 
In what year did the V&A become the first museum in Britain to present a rock concert? 
What is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in Scotland? 
What was the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum? 
What was an ambitious scheme of decoration developed for the new areas of the museum? 
What was the work of Philip Webb and William Morris? 
Who was the next architect to work at the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke? 
What was the final embellishment used to decorate the east side of the building? 
What is the main façade of the Cromwell Gardens? 
What is the main arch of Prince Albert sculpted by Alfred Drury? 
What was the first major work in the 1950s and early 1960s? 
What was the main silverware gallery redesigned in the 1990s? 
When was the John Madejski Garden opened? 
In what year did the V&A open the first permanent gallery in the UK? 
What are all the major British architects of the last four hundred years represented in the collection? 
What is a rare survivor of the Great Fire of London? 
What is the centrepiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art? 
How many works of art are displayed in the Far Eastern collections? 
Who opened the Toshiba gallery of Japanese art in 1986? 
What are the smaller galleries covering Korea, the Himalayan kingdoms and South East Asia? 
What is one of Leonardo da Vinci's note books? 
What is the name of the manuscripts in the library dating from 12th to 16th centuries? 
What was the name of the National Art Library used to be kept in different formats? 
How many images were taken during the first year of the Factory Project? 
What is the work of British artists and craftspeople on display? 
In what period was design influenced by the spread of printed books and the work of European artists and craftsmen employed in Britain? 
What is one of the most dramatic parts of the museum? 
What was the first factory in Europe to discover the Chinese method of making porcelain? 
How many famous potters are represented in the collection? 
What is the oldest glassware on display in the glass collection? 
What was the main gallery redesigned in 1994? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain? 
In what year did Costiff acquire the Costiff collection of 178 Vivienne Westwood costumes? 
What was the collection of Italian and French Renaissance objects acquired between 1859 and 1865? 
What is one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection? 
What is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world? 
What percentage of the collection is divided into secular and sacred? 
What is one of the rarest items in the Gloucester Candlestick collection? 
Who closed the Musical Instruments gallery on 25 February 2010, a decision which was highly controversial? 
How many British and European oil paintings are included in the collection? 
In what year did John Sheepshanks donate 233 paintings, mainly by contemporary British artists? 
What were the paintings and miniatures that formed part of the Jones bequest of 1882? 
What is one of the most unusual collections of photographs of Animal Locomotion of 1887? 
What is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical European sculpture in the world? 
What is the collection of Italian, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical sculpture unqualled outside of Italy? 
Who is represented by more than 20 works in Rodin's museum collection? 
What are the sculptors who were based in Britain? 
When was the Dorothy and Michael Hintze sculpture galleries opened? 
What is the largest collection of textiles in the world? 
What is the Cloth of St Gereon? 
What is one of the earliest examples of European quilting? 
What is the name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries? 
What is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections? 
What was the name of the NBC Blue Network that was purchased by Edward J. Noble? 
How many owned-and-operated television stations are in the United States and its territories? 
What was the name of the Columbia Broadcasting System in the 1930s? 
In what year did Mutual file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations? 
When did Mutual's appeals against the FCC were rejected? 
Who purchased Life Savers candy for $8 million? 
What was the name of the network that aired symphony performances? 
What was the second period of international expansion linked to in the 1990s? 
What was Leonard Goldenson's first attempt to internationalize the ABC television network? 
Who owns the television rights to most of the Peanuts specials since 2000? 
When did ABC aire Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve on New Year's Eve? 
What is the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history? 
What did ABC find difficult to avoid falling behind on the new medium of television? 
In what year did ABC find itself in the position of an outsider? 
When was United Paramount Theatres forced to become an independent entity? 
Who approached UPT in 1951 on a proposal for UPT to purchase ABC? 
When did the FCC announce the end of its freeze on new station license applications? 
The Flintstones was another example of counterprogramming in the 1960s? 
In what year did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park? 
In what year did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused on its circle logo? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? 
In what year did ID sequences appear in a gold CGI design? 
What was the first ABC identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance? 
In what year did Paul Rand redesigned the ABC logo into its best-known (and current) form? 
When did rumors circulate that Disney-ABC was considering a sale of ABC Radio? 
In what year did ABC's average viewership drop by ten ratings points? 
Who approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002? 
When did Time Warner Cable remove ABC owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider's systems? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is a game show based on the British program of the same title? 
When did The Walt Disney Company announce an agreement to merge with Capital Cities/ABC? 
What was the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks? 
When did ABC's New York City flagship stations change their callsigns to WABC, WABC-FM and WABC-TV? 
In what year did Noble appointed Robert Kintner to be ABC's president? 
When did Goldenson try to help grow ABC? 
What was the most iconic of ABC's relationships with Hollywood producers? 
In what year did ABC Radio launch a special programming project for its FM stations? 
In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week? 
In what year did ABC complete its transition to color? 
What was ABC's first game of the week until 2006? 
In what year did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did Congress pass the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act? 
Who became ABC's program development manager in the early 1970s? 
In what year did ABC premiere the detective series S.W.A.T? 
What series did Kung Fu play in the 1970s? 
What was Roots' first miniseries? 
In what year did ABC News become president of the new ABC News? 
In what year did Arledge create the newsmagazine 20/20? 
What was ABC's plan to launch in 1995? 
In what year did Disney-ABC Television Group merged ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios into a new division? 
What year did the sixth and final season of Lost become the drama's lowest-rated season? 
When did the FCC impose its fin-syn rules? 
What is the name of the Selznick library? 
What is the largest U.S. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates? 
In what year did the ABC-UPT merger begin? 
What was the only remaining program on the network's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition? 
What is the native resolution format for ABC's U.S. television properties? 
What did ABC's dramas continue to fail during the 2010–11 season? 
Who canceled All My Children and One Life to Live after 41 and 43 years on the air? 
What was a slight improvement for ABC in the 2013-14 season? 
What was the name of the two family sitcoms that anchored the network's revamped Wednesday comedy lineup? 
Who took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC in February 1994? 
In what year did the FCC repeal the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did ABC continue on the same path that it began to take? 
Who created Wide World of Sports in 1961? 
In what year was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s? 
In what year did ABC sell KXYZ to the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy delegate his position as president to Daniel B. Burke? 
What is ABC News programming provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays? 
What are the only U.S. states where ABC does not have a locally licensed affiliate? 
What are ABC's own facilities and studios? 
Who owns the Times Square Studios at 1500 Broadway on land in Times Square owned by a development fund for the 42nd Street Project? 
What is the name of the traditional VOD service that is carried on most traditional cable and IPTV providers? 
What was a revised version of the ABC logo introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season? 
When did all U.S. networks regain control of their programming? 
What was a notable exception in Youngstown, Ohio? 
When was the Disneyland anthology series renamed? 
What was ABC's first television series to be broadcast in color on the network? 
What year did Goldenson announce a merger proposal with ITT to ABC management? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy contact Leonard Goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies? 
Who was the president of ABC's broadcasting division? 
How many of ABC's marquee shows ended their runs during the mid-1980s? 
What series did ABC revamp its Friday night schedule in the late 1980s? 
In what year did ABC take advantage of new FCC ownership regulations? 
When did the ABC network become a serious contender to NBC and CBS? 
What did Goldenson give ABC a continuum between film and television? 
In what year did ABC launch "WATCH ABC," a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services? 
Who owns or provides services to 28 ABC affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates? 
When did ABC begin to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season? 
What is the difference between WFTS-TV and WWSB? 
Who came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor before Genghis Khan's death? 
Who was Temüjin born in 1162? 
Who had three brothers named Hasar, Hachiun, and Temüge? 
How many years did Hoelun and her children live in poverty? 
In what year did Temüjin escape from the ger? 
When did none of the tribal confederations of Mongolia were united politically? 
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? 
What was Temüjin's father's name? 
When did Jamukha and Temüjin drift apart in their friendship? 
What did Temüjin promise to civilians and soldiers wealth from future war spoils? 
What was the next direct threat to Temüjin? 
What did Temüjin say he did not want to be disloyal men in his army? 
What is Genghis Khan's life marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies? 
When did Genghis Khan plan again to conquer the Jin dynasty? 
What was the name of the khanate of Qara Khitai? 
What force did the invading Mongols use to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among Kuchlug's supporters? 
Who led the first division into the northeast of Khwarezmia? 
What faction split the Shah's army into small groups concentrated in various cities? 
What did Genghis Khan order to destroy the remnants of the Khwarezmid Empire? 
Who attacked Samarkand using captured enemies as body shields? 
What was the city of Bukhara not heavily fortified? 
When did Genghis Khan defeat the Khwarezmian Empire? 
Who recalled Subutai back to Mongolia? 
In what year did Genghis Khan begin a retaliatory attack on the Tanguts? 
In what year did Genghis Khan's army attack and destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor? 
Who was Genghis Khan aware of the friction between his sons? 
What was Jochi's father's death in 1226? 
Who died during the fall of Yinchuan in August 1227? 
On what date was a joint archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be Genghis Khan's palace in rural Mongolia? 
What was the name of the Yassa created by Genghis Khan? 
What were tax exemptions for religious figures? 
Who attempted to create a civil state under the Great Yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals, including women? 
Who was captured by the Mongol army after the Jin dynasty was defeated? 
Who put absolute trust in his generals? 
What was the standard tactic of the Mongol military? 
What was Genghis Khan's death in 1227? 
What is Genghis Khan credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment? 
In what year did Genghis Khan become one of the central figures of the Mongolian national identity? 
What is Genghis Khan's name and likeness endorsed on products, streets, buildings, and other places? 
Who is Genghis Khan regarded as one of the prominent leaders in Mongolia's history? 
What is the population of Genghis Khan in the People's Republic of China? 
What is Genghis Khan almost universally condemned in the Middle East? 
How many people were killed in the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir among others? 
Who were the famous Mughal emperors proud descendants of Genghis Khan and particularly Timur? 
What is a palatalised version of the Mongolian and Turkic word tenggis? 
What is Genghis Khan spelled in different ways in different languages? 
What is the Greek word pharma derived from? 
What do pharmacists do to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines? 
What is a pharmacy technician in the UK considered a health care professional? 
In what century was Diocles of Carystus one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants? 
What were the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists in Japan? 
What was the name of Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi? 
What is the name of the medieval Esteve Pharmacy located in Llvia? 
In what country is the dispensary subject to pharmacy legislation? 
What type of medication can be found within the premises of the hospital? 
What do pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimize the use of medication? 
What is the role of the clinical pharmacist? 
What is the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam? 
What focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? 
How many Internet pharmacies have been established in the United States since 2000? 
What are some Internet pharmacies selling prescription drugs without requiring a prescription? 
What is a particular concern with Internet pharmacies? 
What is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science? 
What is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry in 2013? 
What are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? 
What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy? 
In what decade are pharmacists expected to become more integral within the health care system? 
In what country do pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government for conducting comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews? 
What are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries? 
What is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease? 
How many defense mechanisms have evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens? 
What can result in autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? 
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system? 
When does the immune system protect organisms from infection? 
What is the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules? 
What do microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system? 
What is the first line of defense against infection? 
What are the -defensins? 
What do commensal flora serve as biological barriers in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts? 
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection? 
What are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens? 
What is the second arm of the innate immune system? 
What are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment? 
What is a component of the innate immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes? 
What is the adaptive immune system that evolved in early vertebrates? 
What is the name of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule? 
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses? 
What is the T cell's CD4 co-receptor that recognizes antigen bound to? 
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells have? 
When does a B cell identifie pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen? 
When are B cells and T cells activated? 
What type of antibody is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta? 
What are female sex hormones known as? 
What effect may active immunizations have when suffering from sleep deprivation? 
What is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partly responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals? 
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? 
What is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent? 
How many T cells and antibodies react with "self" peptides? 
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries? 
What is the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed? 
What method allows pathogens to successfully infect a host while evading detection or destruction by the immune system? 
In what year did Frank Burnet form the clonal selection theory of immunity? 
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs used to control the effects of inflammation? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells and CTLs? 
What are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens? 
How many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist in jawed vertebrates? 
How many vertebrates did a multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose with? 
How many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time? 
What do some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers? 
What is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues? 
What is an evasion strategy used by pathogens to avoid the innate immune system? 
What is the simplest approach to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
What is a third possible source of tumor antigens? 
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response, particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly, or in larger doses? 
What does sleep and the intertwined circadian system have on immunological functions? 
What was one of Egypt's earliest massive implementations brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution? 
What is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience depicted in Sophocles' play Antigone? 
When did Percy Shelley write the political poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official? 
What does LeGrande say is difficult, if not impossible? 
What is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws? 
What is the final judge of right and wrong? 
What do some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities? 
What does Black's Law Dictionary include in its definition of civil disobedience? 
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience mean? 
What did the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience take place during the Roman Empire? 
What is the name of a civil disobedience? 
Who was arrested for sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors stating, "Wise up or die"? 
What do some forms of civil disobedience make it harder for a system to function? 
What do civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers? 
What is an important decision for civil disobedients? 
When did the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsor a protest? 
How many times do protesters choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice? 
What did some civil disobedience defendants choose to make in allocution? 
What is one theory that disobedience may be helpful? 
What type of civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not, itself, the object of protest? 
What is a major goal of criminal punishment? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? 
What type of work requires collaboration across multiple disciplines? 
What are the three sectors of construction in general? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings? 
What is the cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses? 
What are the new techniques of building construction being researched? 
What type of design team is most commonly employed by the property owner? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties? 
What happens when builders ask for too little money to complete the project? 
What does a project that fails to adhere to codes do not benefit the owner? 
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations? 
What are new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting? 
What is the most common method of construction procurement? 
What is the name of a project that the owner produces? 
Before the foundation can be dug, what are contractors typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked? 
What is the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees in the United States in 2014? 
What is the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East? 
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world? 
What is the name of private schools? 
What is the term used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries? 
What is the term for the secondary level? 
What is a subcategory of private schools? 
What is the social status of the 'old school tie' in Australia? 
What are some of the best known independent schools? 
What is the right to create private schools in Germany? 
What are ordinary primary or secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or religious groups? 
What are the secondary or post-secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or rarely, religious groups? 
What is an aided or unaided school in India? 
How many non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in India? 
What is the average fee in Ireland for most private schools? 
How many schools were assimilated into the National School system after Malaysia's independence? 
What is the other category of schools? 
How many private schools in New Zealand are in decline since the mid-1970s? 
What is King's College and Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland? 
What percentage of primary enrollment is the private sector in the Philippines? 
What scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools? 
What were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? 
In what year did white government schools have the option to convert to a "semi-private" form? 
What percentage of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008? 
Who prefers to be called independent schools because of their freedom to operate outside of government and local government control? 
In what case did Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka decide to desegregate United States schools with all deliberate speed? 
What is generally provided for private schools through student tuition, endowments, scholarship/voucher funds? 
What was the beginning of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? 
When did quality private schools in the United States charge substantial tuition? 
What is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States? 
What is a large, highly residential research university? 
What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution in Boston? 
What was the name of the college at New Towne? 
How many Puritan ministers were trained in the early years of the College? 
When did the Hollis Professor of Divinity die? 
In what year did the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz be acclaimed? 
What was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education? 
What was James Bryant Conant's first president? 
How many men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe? 
What is the main campus of Harvard's 209-acre main campus? 
How many of the university's athletics facilities are located on a campus opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston? 
How many tracts of land has Harvard purchased in Allston? 
How many professors, lecturers, and instructors do Harvard's 2,400 professors instruct? 
What was the largest university endowment in the world? 
In what year did the South African movement divest? 
What is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation as "more selective, lower transfer-in"? 
What does the four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasize? 
How many half-courses do Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar? 
What was the total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year? 
What is the largest academic library in the United States? 
How many arts, cultural, and scientific museums are located in the Harvard Art Museums? 
How many university rankings have Harvard consistently ranked? 
Who competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Ivy League? 
What year did Harvard's football team win the Rose Bowl? 
What is the name of the Malkin Athletic Center known as? 
What was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon? 
Who is the Civil rights leader? 
Who is the biologist at Harvard? 
What is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida? 
What is Jacksonville in the First Coast region of northeast Florida? 
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port since the late 19th century? 
In what year did a University of North Florida team discover some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River? 
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British? 
When was Jacksonville a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause? 
When did Jacksonville and St. Augustine become popular winter resorts for the rich and famous? 
What was the name of the first multi-story building built by Klutho? 
What was the name of the "Winter Film Capital of the World" in the 1910s? 
What did the construction of highways lead residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
How much of the city's tax base dissipated? 
In what years did corruption scandals arise among the city's officials? 
When a consolidation referendum was held in 1967, who approved the consolidation referendum? 
What is the total area of Jacksonville? 
What is the tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline? 
What is a humid subtropical climate in Jacksonville? 
What is the average monthly temperature in January to 82 F in July? 
What was the strongest effect on Jacksonville from Hurricane Dora in 1964? 
What is the twelfth most populous city in the United States? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living with them? 
In what year did the richest 1% of adults own 40% of global assets? 
What do capitalist firms use to substitute capital equipment for labor inputs? 
What is a purely capitalist mode of production? 
What does a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time will result in a low wage for that job? 
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level? 
What is the difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation? 
What factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education? 
In what year did the mass high school education movement decrease? 
What does John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to as one of the causes of economic inequality? 
Who estimates that trade liberalization has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States? 
What is a Gender pay gap in many countries in favor of males in the labor market? 
What economist argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development? 
What was the Kuznets curve? 
What is a process by which newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities? 
What does Joseph Stiglitz argue that market forces should serve as a brake on concentrations of wealth and income? 
What are higher rates of health and social problems? 
Which Nobel Prize winner said rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem? 
Who found higher rates of health and social problems in countries and states with higher inequality? 
How many years did Americans live in the USA? 
What is the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries? 
What has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society? 
What is the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number? 
What do Conservative researchers argue that income inequality is not significant because consumption should be the measure of inequality? 
What has created deep financial 'fault lines' that have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past? 
What is correlated with the duration of economic growth spells? 
What economists say increasing inequality harms economic growth? 
Who presented evidence that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand? 
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis that states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? 
What were some theories developed in the 1970s? 
What role can economic growth play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals? 
How much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system in many poor and developing countries? 
How many researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality? 
What are the costs of housing, pensions, education and health care shared by everyone? 
What is the difference between the economic inequality and environmental degradation? 
What is the vast disparities in wealth attribute to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners? 
Who argued that government redistributes wealth by force? 
What approach looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “capability deprivation”? 
How much income does an old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man? 
Who is a British science fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963? 
What was the first series of the 21st century produced by Russell T Davies? 
How many actors have headlined the series as the Doctor? 
What is the name of the Doctor who rarely travels alone? 
How many seasons did the BBC drama department produce the programme? 
Who worked for Columbia Pictures' tv arm in the United States? 
Who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series[note 2] and the 1996 telefilm? 
When did the phrase "Hiding behind (or 'watching from behind') the sofa enter British pop culture? 
What was the most violent of the drama programmes the BBC produced at the time? 
Who was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine? 
How many 45-minute, self-contained episodes did the 2005 revival change? 
How many Doctor Who instalments have been televised since 1963? 
How many episodes have been returned to the BBC from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast? 
What is the name of the BBC's "Official" reconstructions? 
Who introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character? 
What film would establish that a Time Lord can only regenerate 12 times for a total of 13 incarnations? 
In what year did William Hartnell return with Jon Pertwee? 
What was the name of the Eleventh Doctor in the 2013 episode of The Brain of Morbius? 
What is the name of the first serial of the programme? 
What is the main character of the show since the 2005 revival? 
When did Russell T Davies announce his intention to reintroduce classic icons of Doctor Who one step at a time? 
The Master is the Doctor's archenemy, a renegade Time Lord who wants to rule the universe? 
In what year did Derek Jacobi provide the character's re-introduction in the 2007 episode of "Utopia"? 
What was the original theme composed by Ron Grainer and realised by Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop? 
What was the name of the new arrangement of the theme introduced in the 2007 Christmas special episode? 
Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme in the early 1970s? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years? 
How many soundtrack releases have been released since 2005? 
What was the first episode of Doctor Who repeated the day after the assassination of John F. Kennedy? 
What year did the ITV network strike? 
How many episodes have ever had their premiere showings on other channels than BBC One? 
In what year did the Australian Broadcasting Corporation first run the Australian Broadcasting Corporation? 
When did TVOntario pick up the show? 
Who recorded a special video introduction for each episode of "The Christmas Invasion" on 26 December 2005? 
What is a wide selection of serials available from BBC Video on DVD in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States? 
Who played the Daleks in the 1970s? 
What was the success of the 2005 series produced by Russell T Davies? 
What was the Sarah Jane Adventures starring? 
When was Dimensions in Time produced for Children in Need? 
Who and the Curse of Fatal Death was made for Comic Relief in 1999? 
Who has also been referenced in popular culture and other science fiction? 
What was the earliest Doctor Who-related audio release? 
Who has released several different series of Doctor Who audios since 1999? 
How many Doctor Who books have been published from the mid-sixties to the present day? 
What was the name of the Doctor Who character created by BBC Television in the early 1960s? 
Who was the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor? 
Who was awarded an Institutional Peabody in 2013? 
Who won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial in 1975? 
What was the highest-profile and most prestigious British television award for which the series has ever been nominated? 
What is the name of the private research university in Chicago? 
What is the largest university press in the United States? 
When was the University of Chicago incorporated? 
Who created and incorporated the University of Chicago as a coeducational, secular institution in 1890? 
What was the name of the university affiliated with in the 1890s? 
In what year did Robert Maynard Hutchins take office? 
In what year did student applications decline? 
What was the name of the Kalven Report? 
In what year did the University of Chicago begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects? 
What were the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan? 
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District? 
Who oversees the long-term development and plans of the University of Chicago? 
What are the academic bodies of the University of Chicago? 
What is the College of the University of Chicago's Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees? 
What is the name of the core curriculum at the University of Chicago? 
What is the name of the university that runs the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools? 
What is the 11th most among library systems in the United States? 
What is the center for Near Eastern Studies owned and operated by the university? 
What is the nameake of the Chicago school of economics supported by Milton Friedman and other economists? 
What is the name of the UChicago Arts program? 
In what year did the University of Chicago enroll 5,792 students in the College? 
In what year did the Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III? 
What is the name of the University of Chicago's Recognized Student Organizations? 
What are all Recognized Student Organizations funded by The University of Chicago Student Government? 
What is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago? 
What year has the University of Chicago held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt? 
Who is the third richest man in America? 
Who was the founder of modern community organizing Saul Alinsky? 
Who is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall Lauren Oliver? 
Who is the minimalist composer in the arts and entertainment? 
Who is a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life? 
Who is a major advisor to Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
Who is the founder of McKinsey & Co.? 
What was the name of the Yuan dynasty? 
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty after the division of the Mongol Empire? 
In what year did Kublai Khan establish the Yuan dynasty? 
In what year did Genghis Khan join the Mongol and Turkic tribes of the steppes? 
How many Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin? 
Who lived in the Jin dynasty? 
When did Möngke Khan start a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty? 
When did Ogedei's grandson refuse to submit to Kublai? 
Who readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264? 
How did Kublai Khan promote commercial, scientific, and cultural growth? 
What was the name of the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou who fled to Qufu? 
What was the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin? 
What was Kublai's second invasion of Japan in 1281? 
In what year did the Duan dynasty be appointed as governors-general? 
Who was the first Yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream Chinese culture? 
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son and successor? 
When did Yesün Temür die in Shangdu? 
What was the name of the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature? 
Who was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan? 
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty marked by? 
In what year did the Red Turban Rebellion start and grew into a nationwide uprising? 
What was the major cultural achievements of the Yuan dynasty? 
When were Western musical instruments introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts? 
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time? 
Who helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year? 
What was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China? 
What was the name of the system of bureaucracy created by Kublai Khan? 
What did the Ministry of Justice do in the Yuan administration? 
What was the average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty? 
How many great artists and writers were famous in the Yuan era? 
What religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty? 
How did Zhu Shijie solve simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns? 
Who was divided into non-Mongol physicians called otachi and traditional Mongol shamans? 
What was the name of the Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan? 
Who was the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court in 1263? 
What technology was transferred to the Mongols through Kingdom of Qocho and Tibetan intermediaries? 
What was the name of the paper money of the Yuan? 
When did the Mongols import Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China? 
What did the Yuan Emperors restrict to Muslims? 
What was the reason for the order of the classes and why people were placed in a certain class? 
When did the Mongols place the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans? 
What part of the Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty? 
What is Kenya's capital and largest city? 
What is Kenya's warm and humid tropical climate on its Indian Ocean coastline? 
What region has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period? 
What is the name of the Republic of Kenya? 
What did Ludwig Krapf call Kenia and Kegnia believed to be a corruption of the Kamba version? 
What is the name of the "Big Five" game animals of Africa? 
How many years ago did primates roam the area? 
When did the Swahili build Mombasa into a major port city? 
In what century did the Kenyan Coast host many merchants and explorers? 
What was the name of the Protectorate? 
How many members of the Kikuyu people lived in the central highlands? 
How many Mau Mau supporters were killed by the Home Guard on 21 October 1956? 
What was the first direct elections for native Kenyans to the Legislative Council? 
What was the mlolongo system seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime? 
Who is the head of state and head of government in Kenya? 
Who ranks low on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki run for re-election against the Orange Democratic Movement? 
What was the executive director of TAABCO Research and Development Consultants in Nairobi? 
Who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in Parliament? 
What was a constitutional change considered that would eliminate the position of Prime Minister? 
In what year did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Laws Amendment Bill? 
What are the armed forces regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world? 
What have Kenya’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? 
What percentage of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day? 
What is East and Central Africa's biggest economy's biggest economy's growth in the service sector? 
What percentage of Kenya's GDP is dominated by tourism? 
What is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product? 
How many pigeon peas can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall? 
What is one of the most successful agricultural production regions in Africa? 
What is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes region? 
What Act has given Kenya a boost to manufacturing in recent years? 
What is the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply? 
What is Kenya's oil reserves estimated to be about 10 billion barrels? 
What was Kenya's largest source of foreign direct investment? 
In what year did the Kenyan government unveil Vision 2030? 
What are Kenya's two official languages used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations? 
What percentage of Kenyans are Christian? 
What percentage of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region? 
What percentage of the population visits dispensaries, health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas? 
How many Kenyans live below the poverty level? 
What was Kenya's first system of education introduced by British colonists? 
What was the current 8–4–4 system launched in January 1985? 
How many years does basic formal education start at the age of six? 
What percentage of the country's literacy level stands at? 
What is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in Nairobi? 
What is the name of Kenya's best-known athletes? 
How many medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics? 
Who has been a dominant force in women's volleyball in Africa in the past decade? 
How many years ago was Safari Rally a part of the World Rally Championship? 
What do Kenyans generally have three meals in a day? 
What is the main international treaty on climate change? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? 
What is the IPCC Panel composed of? 
What is the name of the IPCC Trust Fund established by the United Nations Environment Programme and the World Meteorological Organization? 
Who does the IPCC do not carry out research? 
How many authors are responsible for writing and editing the material? 
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change? 
In what year did the IPCC finalize two IPCC Special Reports? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? 
What was the name of the third assessment report? 
What was the MBH99 based graph featured in publicity? 
Who wrote joint letters to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce on 23 June 2005? 
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) published in 2007? 
What was the eve of the publication of the IPCC's major report on climate? 
What is another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the IPCC have actually understated them? 
What is Michael Oppenheimer's long-time participant in the IPCC? 
What is the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compared with dealing with other environmental challenges? 
Who compares the ozone depletion case to global warming? 
What does the IPCC operate on the basis of? 
How many climate scientists wrote in February 2010 in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report? 
What is chlorophyll's main role in photosynthesis? 
What is the name of the cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is one of many types of organelles in the plant cell? 
What are Cyanobacteria considered the ancestors of chloroplasts? 
How many years ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is the name of the chloroplasts that can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor? 
What is the name of the alga Cyanophora? 
What are the phycobilin pigments on the thylakoid membranes? 
What are the chloroplastidan chloroplasts? 
What is a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga? 
What type of chromalveolates are Apicomplexans? 
What is the most important apicoplast function? 
What is the most common dinophyte chloroplast? 
What did the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages lose? 
Who has a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte? 
What do some dinophytes have a diatom derived chloroplast? 
What is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently? 
What is the name of the plastome? 
What are the inverted repeat regions highly conserved among land plants? 
What is the mechanism for chloroplast DNA replication? 
How many A  G deamination gradients are found in cpDNA? 
What is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? 
How many of the protein products of transferred genes aren't even targeted back to the chloroplast? 
When is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol? 
What are chloroplasts generally lens-shaped? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? 
When did chloroplast membranes protrude out into the cytoplasm? 
What is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum found in? 
What is the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes? 
What are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across? 
When were Plastoglobuli thought to be free-floating in the stroma? 
What are the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae? 
What are the two types of thylakoids? 
How many photosynthetic carotenoids are found in the photosystems? 
What is a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria? 
What enzyme is used to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis? 
What are chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells specialized for each stage of photosynthesis? 
What are the chloroplasts that make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green? 
What are chloroplasts found in plants such as cacti? 
What can the chloroplasts of plant and algal cells orient themselves to best suit the available light? 
What are the two main immune responses in plants? 
What can chloroplasts serve as? 
What is one of the main functions of the chloroplast? 
What is hydrogen ion gradient used to generate ATP energy? 
What enzyme starts by using Rubisco to fix CO2 into five-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate molecules? 
How can glucose monomers in the chloroplast be linked together to make starch? 
What can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high? 
What is the name of the chloroplast that makes almost all of a plant cell's amino acids? 
What is a special type of a plant cell organelle called? 
What is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll? 
What are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit? 
What does the division process start when the proteins FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 assemble into filaments? 
What is the inner plastid-dividing ring located in? 
What is a requirement for chloroplast division? 
How many plants have chloroplasts caught attention lately? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1? 
What is the property of being prime? 
How many primes are shown by Euclid around 300 BC? 
What is Goldbach's conjecture about prime numbers? 
What does the image at the right illustrate that 12 is not prime? 
How many early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number? 
What does Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold? 
What are the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers? 
When did Pierre de Fermat prove Fermat's little theorem? 
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n? 
What do modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into? 
What is a very simple example of a probabilistic test? 
What are prime numbers of this form? 
What are some of the largest known primes of the mentioned types? 
Are prime for any natural number n? 
How many primes can be seen using the zeta function? 
What is the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating from 1859? 
What is Riemann's hypothesis that many more conjectures are revolving about primes? 
What is a third type of conjecture? 
What was seen as a canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time? 
What does Fermat's little theorem say is a sufficient condition for p to be prime? 
What are 512-bit primes used for RSA and 1024-bit primes for Diffie–Hellman? 
What is the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada? 
What is the concept of prime number so important that it has been generalized in different ways in various branches of mathematics? 
What is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined? 
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold in unique factorization domains? 
When is the notion of number replaced with that of ideal? 
What is the point of algebro-geometric objects via the notion of the spectrum of a ring? 
What is the difference between the absolute value and the absolute value? 
Which composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music through "natural phenomena"? 
What river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps? 
How many variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rnos? 
How long is the Rhine shortened from the river's natural course? 
Where is the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine formed? 
What is the name of the inland delta of the Rhine into Lake Constance? 
What was a regulation of the Rhine called for in order to counteract the constant flooding and sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta? 
What is the name of the Lake Constance? 
What does the flow of cold, gray mountain water continue for some distance into the lake? 
When does the Rhine emerge from Lake Constance? 
What is the name of the first major city in the course of the stream? 
In what century was the Upper Rhine region changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
How many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland? 
What is the name of the Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz? 
What is the largest conurbation in Germany? 
What does the Dutch name Rijn no longer coincide with? 
What is the second third of the water flowing through the Pannerdens Kanaal? 
What is the name of the river Rijn used for? 
When is the Rhine-Meuse Delta the most important natural region of the Netherlands? 
What is the name of the Rhine delta determined by? 
When did the Meuse flow south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea? 
What are the main arms of the current delta? 
What is the Rhine-Meuse Delta? 
In what period was the stage set in the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era? 
What caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone? 
By what period did the Rhine capture streams down to the Vosges Mountains? 
How many years ago was the geological period of the Ice Ages? 
When did the last glacial run from 74,000 (BP = Before Present) until the end of the Pleistocene? 
What did the Rhine's current course do during the last Ice Age? 
In what year did the sea level rise in the southern North Sea rise? 
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley? 
How many avulsions have occurred in the delta since 3000 yr BP? 
What do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea? 
When did the Rhine first enter the historical period in the 1st century BC? 
What was Augustus' death in AD 14 until after AD 70? 
How many legions did the Romans keep in five bases along the Rhine? 
Which Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period? 
In what century was the Rhine within the borders of Francia? 
What was a long-term goal of French foreign policy since the Middle Ages? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? 
When was the Rhine bridge at Arnhem immortalized in the book A Bridge Too Far? 
What was the generally accepted length of the Rhine until 1932? 
In what year did the Scottish electorate vote for devolution? 
How many years was Scotland directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain and the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
Who would set up an elected assembly in Edinburgh? 
What party controlled the government of the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s? 
What is the official home of the Scottish Parliament since September 2004? 
What was the permanent building at Holyrood being constructed? 
What was the former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George IV Bridge used for the MSP's offices? 
What is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the role of the Presiding Officer in the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body? 
What is a hemicycle in the debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the name of the parliamentary mace in front of the Presiding Officers' desk? 
What is the verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates? 
What is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons? 
Who decides who speaks in chamber debates and how much time is allowed to speak in chamber debates? 
When do MSPs decide on all motions and amendments that have been moved that day? 
Which party usually instructs members which way to vote? 
What is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a Scottish minister? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committees? 
What are the current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament? 
What are the Subject Committees established at the beginning of each parliamentary session? 
What was the Scottish Act 1998 passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
What does the Scottish Parliament have the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound? 
What is the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What is the first, or introductory stage of the bill? 
What stage is the final stage of the bill? 
What does the Presiding Officer submit to the Monarch for royal assent? 
What is the name of the party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament? 
What are ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament held on the first Thursday in May every four years? 
Who can deliver statements to Parliament upon which MSPs are invited to question? 
When is Parliamentary time set aside for question periods in the debating chamber? 
What are 73 of the 129 MSPs elected to represent first past the post constituencies? 
What was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 and the British Nationality Act 1981? 
What was the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority? 
What seat was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie lost to the SNP? 
What is Islamism also known as? 
What party is the Tunisian Ennahda Movement? 
What is a major division within Islamism? 
What is Islamism a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam? 
What is a way of life that Islamists believe in? 
When did Western and pro-Western governments support Islamists and Islamist groups? 
What was Sadat's policy of opening Egypt to Western investment? 
What did the Saudi-based Wahhabism or Salafism promote? 
When did Iqbal study law and philosophy in England and Germany? 
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League? 
What was Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi's role in the Islamic revival in India? 
What did Maududi think Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia? 
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Ismailiyah in 1928? 
What was the only opposition group in Egypt able to field candidates during elections? 
What constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world during the Six-Day War? 
What was Ali Shariati's ideologue of the Iranian Revolution? 
What has the Islamic Republic maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions? 
In what year did the Soviet Union deploy its 40th Army into Afghanistan? 
What was the problem with Saddam's defeat? 
What did Qutb's ideas become more radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966? 
What organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981? 
What group employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order in the 1990s? 
When did the First Palestine Intifada take place? 
In what year did Hamas kill 542 people in 140 suicide bombings? 
How many years did Sudan have an Islamist regime under the leadership of Hassan al-Turabi? 
In what year did al-Nimeiry overtake al-Nimeiry? 
What is the name of the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria? 
What did the mujahideen win against the Soviet Union in the 1980s? 
What was the name of the Deobandi movement established for impoverished Afghan refugees? 
In what year did General Zia-ul-Haq overtrow Prime Minister Ali Bhutto's regime? 
What is the name of "Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"? 
What was the name of the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad? 
What is HT's view of the Caliphate? 
What does HT do not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system? 
What is the name of the Muslim population in Greater London? 
What was the name of the U.S. government's efforts to counter Islamism? 
What is the Latin word for Imperialism? 
What is a policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force? 
Who used the term imperialism in slightly more discriminating fashion to mean all kinds of domination or control by a group of people over another? 
What is the closest modern English equivalent? 
What is the term "imperialism" often conflated with? 
What do imperialism and colonialism do? 
What is a controversial aspect of imperialism based on? 
What did the Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe have? 
Who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of European guidance? 
What are the principles of imperialism generally generalizable to? 
What did Edward Said say about Orientalism refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What was Bassett's analysis of during the "scramble for Africa"? 
What is cultural imperialism when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles? 
What period began in the Age of Imperialism around 1700? 
Who built a framework for understanding European imperialism? 
What was the focus of Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism? 
What did Europe continue to advance in military technology? 
What was the term "Imperialism" introduced into English in the late 1870s? 
How many historians and political theorists pioneered much of the debate? 
What was the concept of environmental determinism used to categorically place indigenous peoples in a racial hierarchy? 
What was the name of the British East India Company established in 1599? 
In what year did France take control of Algeria? 
In what year was Jules Ferry the leading exponent of colonialism declared France had a civilising mission? 
In what year did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French use the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France? 
What did Germanic tribes expand throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity? 
What was Germany’s participation in Western imperialism negligible until the late 19th century? 
In what year did Germany start to build a colonial empire in Africa and the South Pacific? 
What was Japan's first Sino-Japanese War in 1894? 
When did Bolsheviks effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire? 
Who believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution? 
What was the name of the First British Empire? 
What was the Scramble for Africa and major additions in Asia and the Middle East? 
What did the early United States express its opposition to Imperialism? 
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society? 
What type of imperialism is distinct from informal U.S. imperialism? 
When was the Ottoman Empire an imperial state? 
What was the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for six centuries? 
In what century was the United Methodist Church a leader in Evangelicalism? 
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement? 
What was the name of the movement which became The United Methodist Church in the mid-18th century? 
In what year did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to the American Indians in the colony of Georgia? 
When did John Wesley want the Methodists to stay within the Church of England? 
When was St. George's United Methodist Church founded? 
Who was the first African American ordained by the Methodist Church? 
How many years has Methodism in the United States seen a number of divisions and mergers? 
What does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of? 
Who was compelled to break with standard practice in 1784? 
How many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition? 
What is the grace that "goes before" us? 
What is justifying Grace or Accepting Grace? 
What is the grace of God that sustains the believers in the journey toward Christian Perfection? 
What is The Book of Discipline characterized as Arminian theology? 
What is the sanctity of human life in the United Methodist Church? 
What church holds that women are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother? 
When did John Wesley warn against the dangers of drinking? 
What does the United Methodist Church say is a reason for taking human life? 
Who was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999? 
How many organizations, conferences, and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the LGBT community within the UMC? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? 
What does the United Methodist Church maintain that war is incompatible with Christ's message and teachings? 
What teaches that pornography is about violence, degradation, exploitation, and coercion? 
What does the UMC support for research on embryos created for IVF that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased? 
How many notable heroes and heroines of the Christian faith may be named after? 
What is the highest level of the United Methodist Church organized into? 
What are the jurisdictional and central conferences that are subordinate to the General Conference? 
What is one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils? 
What is the highest court in the denomination? 
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC? 
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors? 
How many colleges and universities are affiliated with the United Methodist Church? 
Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What are all clergy appointments made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the Annual Conference Cabinet? 
What are Elders called by God? 
What are deacons called by God? 
When did the ordination order of transitional deacon be abolished? 
What is the official title of a local pastor? 
Who practices infant and adult baptism? 
What is Baptism a sacrament in the UMC? 
What is the name of the lay servant in the United Methodist Church? 
What is one tradition within the Christian Church? 
In what year did the United Methodist Church enter into full communion with the African Methodist Episcopal Church? 
How many members did the United Methodist Church have in the United States in recent decades? 
What percentage of UMC delegates were from Africa during the 2008 General Conference? 
Who is a member of the Wesleyan Holiness Consortium? 
What was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War? 
What was the name of the war between New France and the British colonies? 
In what year did the British colonial governors meet with General Braddock? 
What was the result of a failed expedition against Louisbourg and the Siege of Fort William Henry? 
What was one of the most significant developments in a century of anglo-French conflict? 
What was the second war in King George's reign in the 1740s? 
What is the name of the North American theater of the Seven Years' War? 
How many French people lived in the St. Lawrence River valley? 
What number of British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1? 
What tribes did the French use their trading connections to recruit fighters from in the Great Lakes region? 
What was the name of the French regular army troops in North America? 
How many Indians was Céloron's expedition force? 
When did Céloron's expedition arrive at Logstown? 
What does Céloron write about the Natives of these localities? 
In what year did the British government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia? 
Who signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748? 
What was the name of the Governor-General of New France? 
What was the name of the Iroquois who sent runners to the manor of William Johnson? 
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to? 
What was the name of the Super Bowl 50? 
Who was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). Who defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game? 
How many sacks did The Broncos take an early lead in Super Bowl 50? 
What was the third most watched U.S. broadcast ever? 
In what year did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell declare that the NFL planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular"? 
Who narrowed the bids to three sites? 
When did the league announce that the two finalists were Sun Life Stadium and Levi's Stadium? 
What was the first Super Bowl held in San Francisco Bay Area since Super Bowl XIX in 1985? 
Who was one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss? 
Who was the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978? 
Who led the Panthers offense in scoring? 
Who led the Panthers in interceptions with 24? 
What did the Broncos lose in the divisional round of the previous season's playoffs? 
Who did Manning finish the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating? 
What was the first time the Broncos' defense ranked first in the NFL yards allowed? 
Who beat the Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round of the NFC Championship Game? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who suffered a major setback when Thomas Davis went down with a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game? 
Who led the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII? 
What was the first Super Bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the #1 pick in their draft classes? 
Who was a linebacker with the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX? 
What was Levi's Stadium's field of a high enough quality to host a Super Bowl? 
Who used the San Jose State practice facility? 
When did the NFL announce that the practice of branding Super Bowl games with Roman numerals would be temporarily suspended? 
How many gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 NFL season to tie into the "Golden Super Bowl"? 
What was the annual NFL Experience held at the Moscone Center in San Francisco? 
What was the name of the game's media day? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee and the NFL? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee? 
What will the winner of Super Bowl 50 receive? 
What was the name of the televised game in the United States? 
Who provided digital streams of the game via CBSSports.com? 
What was CBS's lead-out program for Super Bowl 50? 
When did CBS set the base rate for a 30-second ad at $5,000,000? 
Who paid for movie trailers to be aired during the Super Bowl? 
Who will carry the game throughout North America? 
What is the name of the flagship stations in the markets of each team? 
Which BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Live Sports Extra will carry the contest? 
Which Grammy winner performed the national anthem? 
When did reports surface that "multiple acts" would perform during the halftime show? 
Who completed an 18-yard pass to Owen Daniels and a 22-yard throw to Andre Caldwell? 
What was the first fumble return touchdown in a Super Bowl since Super Bowl XXVIII? 
What did Carolina finish with a 9-play, 73-yard scoring drive? 
What linebacker recovered on the Broncos 40-yard line? 
What did the Panthers score on their opening drive of the second half? 
What did the Broncos drive to the Panthers 41-yard line in the third quarter? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive? 
Who finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns? 
Who was the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the Saxon Garden? 
What are the 13 natural reserves in Warsaw? 
What was the most diverse city in Poland? 
What was the oldest and most influential Polish academic center in Poland? 
What was the University Library founded in 1816? 
What did Warsaw do during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy? 
What is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What is the Teatr Wielki, the Polish National Opera, the Chamber Opera, the National Philharmonic Hall and the National Theatre? 
When was the Summer Theatre in operation in Ogród Saski? 
How many commemorative events take place every year in Warsaw? 
What is one of the largest collections of art posters in the world? 
When is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located? 
What is the name of the mermaid? 
What is the name of Triton's daughters? 
Who was a famous artist born in Warsaw? 
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world? 
When did Kraków serve as the Polish capital city? 
What is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese? 
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language? 
What were the first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw? 
In what year did Warsaw become the seat of the General Sejm? 
When was Warsaw annexed to become the capital of South Prussia? 
What was Warsaw occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918? 
When was Warsaw defended until the end of the Second World War? 
When was the Red Army deep into Poland? 
When was the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign initiated? 
In what year did John Paul II visit his native country? 
What is the highest point on the left side of Warsaw? 
What is the specific axis of Warsaw that divides Warsaw into two parts? 
What is the pattern of the Vistula terraces asymmetrical? 
What was Warsaw razed to the ground during the Second World War by bombing raids and planned destruction? 
What is the most notable example of Gothic architecture in the city? 
What is one of the best examples of rococo architecture in Warsaw? 
What was the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture? 
How many places commemorate the heroic history of Warsaw? 
What is the oldest park in Praga? 
What is the flora of Warsaw considered very rich in? 
In what year did c. 1,300,000 people live in Warsaw? 
What percentage of Warsaw's inhabitants were Catholics, 35.7% Jews, 5% Greek orthodox Christians and 2.8% Protestants? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? 
What is the name of the town council in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the mayor of Warsaw? 
In what year did 304,016 companies be registered in Warsaw? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? 
What is the name of the FSO Car Factory? 
What is the capital and largest city of Poland? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 10th and 11th centuries? 
What was the name of the Norman dynasty? 
What is the French word Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant? 
What was the name of the Duchy of Normandy? 
What was the name of the Viking settlers that began arriving in the 880s? 
Who would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism and Gallo-Romance? 
When did the Normans adopt the feudal doctrines of the rest of France? 
When did the Normans enter the Mezzogiorno as warriors? 
Who received the county of Aversa in 1030? 
Who captured Sicily and Malta from the Saracens? 
What did the Normans combine with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to form a unique government? 
What was the name of the Normans who entered the Byzantine Empire? 
What was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general in the 1050s? 
How many families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration? 
What was Robert Guiscard's vassal? 
How many years after the First Crusade were the Normans under the command of Bohemond? 
What was the third attack of Byzantine state-of-affairs in 1185? 
What was the name of the Normans who were in contact with England from an early date? 
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge? 
In what year did Duke William II conquer England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings? 
What language became distinct from the Latin language during the Hundred Years' War? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 1169 invasion of Bannow Bay? 
Who was one of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror? 
What was the name of the Normans who came into Scotland? 
What was the name of the Norman Conquest of England? 
When did the Marches come under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons? 
When did the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality? 
Who was the de facto leader of the Crusade during the siege of Amalfi? 
What forces of the Third Crusade conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of Cyprus? 
In what year did Richard leave Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre? 
How many princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time? 
When was Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre? 
When was Cyprus sold to the Knights Templar? 
Who took the title of King of the Canary Islands? 
What was the customary law of Normandy developed between the 10th and 13th centuries? 
What is a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued? 
In what country did the period of Norman architecture succeed? 
In what century did the dukes begin a programme of church reform? 
What is the most famous work of Norman art? 
What type of artwork survives in Britain? 
What was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century? 
How many monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil? 
Who was Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla pursue in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship? 
Who was born into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan in 1856? 
Who was the fourth of five children? 
In what year did Tesla move to Karlovac to attend school at the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what year did Tesla return to his birthtown in Smiljan? 
In what year did Tesla evade being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army? 
In what year did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
In what year did Tesla leave Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school? 
When was Milutin Tesla returned to Gospi under police guard? 
In what year did Tesla's uncles put together enough money to help him leave Gospi? 
When did Tesla move to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás? 
In what year did Tesla start working for the Continental Edison Company? 
In what year was Tesla offered the task of redesigning Edison's direct current generators? 
What company did Tesla partner with in 1886? 
In what year did Tesla meet Alfred S. Brown, a Western Union superintendent, and New York attorney Charles F. Peck? 
What was one of the things Tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system at the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1888? 
What year did Tesla work in Pittsburgh to create an alternating current system to power the city's streetcars? 
What was Westinghouse's first AC system in 1886? 
Who won the bid to light the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago? 
In what year did Richard Dean Adams lead the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company? 
What was the name of the conglomerate General Electric in the mid 1890s? 
When did Tesla become a naturalized citizen of the United States? 
When did Tesla serve as vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
In what year did Tesla begin investigating what? 
What did Tesla mention in his notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon? 
When did Benjamin Lamme make great progress developing an efficient version of Tesla's induction motor? 
When did the New York Herald Tribune publish an article on Tesla? 
In what year did Tesla demonstrate a radio-controlled boat to the public? 
What was Tesla's lab located near Foote Ave. and Kiowa St? 
What was Tesla observing from lightning storms? 
How many volts of artificial lightning were produced? 
In what year did Tesla fault a power station generator? 
In what year did Tesla speak to reporter Julian Hawthorne? 
In what year did John Jacob Astor IV invest $100,000 for Tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system? 
What was Tesla's lab torn down in 1904? 
What did Tesla ask for to build a more powerful transmitter? 
In what year did Marconi send the letter S to Newfoundland? 
How many rpm bladeless turbines did Tesla demonstrate on his 50th birthday? 
Who invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator? 
In what year did Tesla create a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity? 
When was the Wardenclyffe Tower demolished? 
What was the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla biographers claim that Edison and Tesla were the original recipients of the $20,000 prize money? 
In what year did Tesla receive one of 38 possible bids? 
When did the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company begin paying Tesla $125 per month? 
In what year did Tesla announce a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance? 
In what year did Tesla leave the Hotel New Yorker to feed the pigeons? 
What did Tesla claim about a "teleforce" weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator? 
In what year did Tesla say that the death ray is not an experiment... I have built, demonstrated and used it? 
When did Tesla write a treatise about charged particle beam weapons? 
In what period did Tesla say that efforts had been made to steal the invention? 
Who died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943? 
Who ordered the Alien Property Custodian to seize Tesla's belongings? 
When did the mayor of New York read a eulogy written by Louis Adamic live over the WNYC radio? 
How many patents were obtained worldwide for Tesla's inventions? 
What restaurant did Tesla work every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later? 
When did Tesla walk between 8 to 10 miles per day? 
In what interview did Tesla say that he did not believe in telepathy? 
When did Tesla walk to the park to feed the pigeons? 
Who was Tesla 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighed 142 pounds from 1888 to 1926? 
What language did Tesla speak in his autobiography? 
What was Tesla's second year of study at Graz? 
What was Tesla's chastity helpful to his scientific abilities? 
Who was Tesla prone to seclude himself with his work? 
Who was a good friend of Tesla? 
When did Tesla fire a secretary because of her weight? 
What was Tesla's pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings? 
What was Tesla generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy? 
In what year did Tesla claim to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy? 
Who became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics? 
In what year did Tesla comment on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality? 
Who made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-World War I environment in a printed article? 
What did Tesla consider himself a "believer in the orthodox sense"? 
What was Tesla's article published in 1937? 
Who wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals? 
How many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web? 
What genre of science fiction has Tesla endured? 
Who put Tesla on its cover on Tesla's 75th birthday in 1931? 
What is a problem regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources? 
What is a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computability theory? 
What is the input string for a computational problem referred to as? 
What is the difference between a problem and an instance? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet? 
What is an example of a decision problem? 
What is a computational problem where a single output (of a total function) is expected for every input? 
What is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems? 
How much time does the best algorithm require to solve a computational problem? 
When the input size is n, the time taken can be expressed as a function of n? 
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine? 
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic Turing machine, which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions? 
How many types of Turing machines are used to define complex classes? 
What type of machine models have been proposed in the literature? 
What is a non-deterministic Turing machine allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once? 
What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
What are the most well-known complexity resources? 
What are the three different ways of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size? 
What algorithm solves the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input? 
What is the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem? 
What is the difference between the upper and lower bounds? 
What does a typical complexity class have? 
What is the language xx | x can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine? 
What can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm? 
What is the class of all decision problems? 
What is DTIME(n) contained in DTIME(n2)? 
What does the time hierarchy theorem tell us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME? 
How many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction? 
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction, which means that the reduction process takes polynomial time? 
What is hard for a complexity class? 
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm? 
The graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic? 
The integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer? 
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? 
What is the class containing the complement problems? 
What is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space? 
What are problems that can be solved in theory? 
What means intractability in practice is open to debate? 
What was the definition of Turing machines by Alan Turing in 1936? 
What paper did Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns write about computational complexity? 
What is John Myhill's definition of linear bounded automata? 
What do some proofs of complex theoretic theorems often assume? 
In what year did Manuel Blum develop an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms? 
What is a formal and ongoing role of teacher? 
What is a teacher's role? 
In some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling? 
What type of teaching may be carried out informally, within the family, or in the wider community? 
What does a teacher's professional duties extend beyond formal teaching? 
What are some bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers? 
What are the functions of the teacher's colleges? 
What is a teacher who teaches on an individual basis? 
What is a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills, knowledge and/or thinking skills? 
What is typically a course of study, lesson plan, or practical skill? 
What does pedagogy involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills? 
What is the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching? 
What is true in most of the United States as well? 
What has become a new trend amongst educational institutions? 
What was the most common form of school discipline in the history of education? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline in the world? 
How many US states have banned corporal punishment? 
What type of punishment is commonly used in schools in Asian, African and Caribbean countries? 
What is one of the most common punishments in schools in the United States, the UK, Ireland, Singapore? 
What is a modern example of school discipline in North America and Western Europe? 
What is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics? 
What is the stereotypical view of East Asian classrooms? 
Where are school class sizes typically 40 to 50 students? 
What does Sudbury model democratic schools claim that can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike? 
What can teachers affect how students perceive the course materials? 
What can lead to students who are more likely to be engaged, interested, energetic, and curious about learning the subject matter? 
What is a mechanism by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation? 
What are student motivation and attitudes towards school closely linked to? 
What are teachers that spend more time working directly with students perceived as supportive and effective teachers? 
What is the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching? 
How many students in the U.S. claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education? 
What was a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional? 
How many high-profile cases have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct in the United States? 
Who said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register? 
What can negatively impact teachers' mental and physical health, productivity, and students' performance? 
What percentage of UK teachers experienced occupational stress? 
What can be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers? 
What are many similarities and differences among teachers around the world? 
What is education in Australia primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories? 
What is a post-secondary degree required to become a qualified teacher? 
What is the name of the special university classes in Germany? 
What is the basic pay for a starting teacher in Ireland? 
Who is required to be registered with the Teaching Council? 
From 2006 has Garda vetting been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession? 
What was the salary for Nursery, Primary and Secondary School teachers in September 2007? 
How many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching? 
What salary year did unpromoted teachers earn from £20,427 for a Probationer? 
In what year did 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools use Welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction? 
Who can be registered members of trade unions in Wales? 
What is the average teacher salary for US teachers? 
What is a strong tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical Christian traditions? 
What is an office in the Aaronic priesthood? 
What is the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? 
In Tibetan Buddhism the teachers of Dharma are most commonly called a Lama in Tibet. 
Who was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation? 
Who taught that salvation and eternal life is not earned by good deeds? 
What was his translation of the Bible in the vernacular that made it more accessible? 
What was Martin Luther born to? 
In what year did he enter the University of Erfurt? 
What was Luther's father's wish? 
Who dedicated himself to the Augustinian order? 
In 1507 was von Staupitz ordained to the priesthood? 
Who was awarded a Doctor of Theology on 19 October 1512? 
When did Luther write to his bishop, Albert of Mainz, protest the sale of indulgences? 
Who claimed indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation? 
What was Tetzel's teaching on indulgences for the dead? 
What is the story of the posting on the door? 
Who translated the 95 Theses from Latin into German in January 1518? 
What year did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? 
When did Luther teach on the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians? 
What was Luther's teaching in 1525? 
When did Luther's rediscovery of "Christ and His salvation" become the foundation for the Reformation? 
What did Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg do not reply to Luther's letter? 
What was Pope Leo X used to reformers and heretics? 
In what year did the papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz adopt a more conciliatory approach? 
When did Luther appear as ordered before the Diet of Worms? 
Who was the assistant of the Archbishop of Trier? 
When did Luther raise his arm in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout? 
Who refused to recant his writings? 
What was the final draft of the Edict of Worms? 
What was Luther's disappearance during his return trip to Wittenberg planned? 
When did Luther write to Melanchthon on the same theme? 
In what year did Luther extend his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices? 
Who dealt with prophecy in 1521? 
In what year did Andreas Karlstadt embark on a radical programme of reform in Wittenberg? 
Who returned to Wittenberg on 6 March 1522? 
Who wrote to the elector: "Oh, what joy has Dr. Martin's return spread among us?" 
What did Luther next set about reversing or modifying the new church practices? 
Who helped instigate the German Peasants' War of 1524–25? 
What was Luther's response to the Twelve Articles? 
What did Luther justify his opposition to the rebels on three grounds? 
When did the Swabian League defeat the Swabian League at the Battle of Frankenhausen? 
What year did Martin Luther marry Katharina von Bora? 
Who did Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage? 
When did Luther and his wife move into a monastery? 
When did Luther find himself increasingly occupied in organising a new church? 
What did Luther do to avoid confusing or upsetting the people? 
In what year did Luther write a German Mass? 
Who introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the Electorate of Saxony? 
How did Luther devise the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of Christianity to the congregations? 
What is one of Luther's most personal works? 
What was Luther's Small Catechism used to help parents teach their children? 
What was Luther's German translation of the New Testament published in 1522? 
Who used the variant of German spoken at the Saxon chancellery? 
When did Luther's version become a popular and influential Bible translation? 
When did Luther write hymns such as "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott"? 
What was Luther's hymn often evoked by in his life and the unfolding Reformation? 
What is Luther's hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer? 
Who wrote "Ach Gott, vom Himmel sieh darein"? 
How many of Luther's hymns were included in early Lutheran hymnals? 
What did Johann Sebastian Bach include as chorales in his cantatas? 
When did Francis Blackburne argue that John Jortin misread the passages of Luther's Commentary on Genesis? 
In what year did Philip I convoke an assembly of German and Swiss theologians at the Marburg Colloquy? 
What is the meaning of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper? 
In what year did the Marburg Colloquy pave the way for the signing of the Augsburg Confession? 
In what year did Luther write that Jesus Christ was born a Jew? 
When was Suleiman the Magnificent besieging Vienna? 
In what year did Luther read a Latin translation of the Qur'an? 
What is Luther's second use of the law? 
What are the beginnings of the renewed life of Christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism? 
Who became involved in the bigamy of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse? 
What did Luther write about the Jews during his career? 
Who tried to help the Jews of Saxony in 1537? 
Who was the most widely read author of his generation? 
When did seven Protestant regional church confederations issue a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing Jews to wear the yellow badge? 
What is the heart of scholars' debate about Luther's influence? 
What did other scholars argue that, even if his views were merely anti-Judaic? 
When did Lutheran Church denominations repudiate Martin Luther's statements against the Jews? 
What was Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, and a cataract in one eye? 
What was Luther's poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments? 
What was Luther's last sermon delivered at Eisleben on 15 February 1546? 
What was Luther's final journey to Mansfeld? 
When did the negotiations begin? 
When did an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech? 
What was Luther's last statement? 
What were printed images of Luther that emphasized his monumental size crucial to the spread of Protestantism? 
What is Southern California a geographic and cultural region? 
What is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States? 
What is Southern California's population? 
Where is the Colorado Desert and the Colorado River at the border with Arizona? 
What is Los Angeles the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States? 
Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside are the five most populous counties in the state? 
What is the name associated with the motion picture, television, and music industry? 
What is Southern California's home grown surf and skateboard culture? 
How many locals and tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches? 
What is the name of California's north-south midway point? 
What was the name of the northern boundary of southern California? 
In what year did the Los Angeles Times define southern California as? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States? 
What is the main gap to continued urbanization? 
What is a Mediterranean climate in Southern California? 
What is one of the more varied collections of geologic, topographic, and natural ecosystem landscapes in Southern California? 
How many earthquakes are observed in the southern California area each year? 
What can produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake? 
What is Southern California divided culturally, politically, and economically into distinctive regions? 
What is Southern California's Combined Statistical Area? 
What are the two largest cities in all of California? 
What is the largest economy in the United States? 
What have been major industries since the 1920s? 
What are the major business districts in Southern California? 
What are the major business districts of Downtown Burbank, Downtown Santa Monica, Downtown Glendale and Downtown Long Beach? 
What are the business districts of San Bernardino-Riverside? 
What is Orange County a rapidly developing business center that includes Downtown Santa Ana, the South Coast Metro and Newport Center districts? 
What is the central business district of San Diego? 
How many lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles? 
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located? 
What is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base? 
What is the name of the professional sports teams in Southern California? 
What was the name of the two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? 
What are the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans both field teams in the NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference? 
What is a growing sport in southern California? 
What was BSkyB's largest digital subscription television company? 
What did the European Commission consider the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition and the consumer? 
What was BSkyB excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium? 
What did BSkyB initially charge for using a Sky+ PVR? 
What is the name of the videoGuard pay-TV scrambling system owned by BSkyB? 
When did Virgin Media and BSkyB become involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV? 
What was the idea of converting BSkyB's business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept? 
What is the name of the British telecommunications company that serves the United Kingdom? 
What is the Sky Q range of products and services to be available in 2016? 
What is BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in? 
When was Sky Digital launched? 
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service? 
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? 
What is a universal Ku band LNB which is fitted at the end of the dish? 
What year did ITV hold talks for the broadcast rights for the Premier League? 
Who has no veto over the presence of channels on BSkyB's EPG? 
What was BSkyB's digital service officially launched on 1 October 1998? 
When did Virgin Media start to offer a high-definition television (HDTV) capable set top box? 
In what year did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service become available in 10 million homes? 
How much does the new deal include for the channels? 
What is Victoria's total gross state product ranked second in Australia? 
How many Chinese miners worked in Victoria? 
In what year did the Victorian Legislative Council elections be held under a new multi-member proportional representation system? 
About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian? 
What is Victoria in the south-east of Australia? 
In what year did Great Britain claim the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east? 
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain? 
What constitution was enacted by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1975? 
What are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts? 
What is the name of the public schools in Victoria? 
What is the name of the major car brands Ford, Toyota and Holden? 
How many topographically, geologically and climatically diverse areas are found in Victoria? 
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria? 
How many private and public railway operators operate on government-owned lines in Victoria? 
How many seats in the Australian House of Representatives are in the Australian House of Representatives? 
What was the name of the first Victorian Legislative Council issued on 1 July 1851? 
How many public schools did Victoria have as of August 2010? 
What is the centre of dairy farming in Australia? 
What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines built in mountainous areas? 
What was the name of the colony of New South Wales? 
What was the name of the rebellion against the government of Victoria in 1854? 
Who is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly? 
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04? 
What do major events play a big part in Victoria's tourism? 
When did the Huguenots peaked near an estimated two million? 
What was the name Huguenot used in derision? 
What was important to the spread of the Protestant movement and development of the Reformed church in France? 
What was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope? 
In what year did the Huguenots settle in New France? 
What was the name of the first Huguenot church in North America? 
What was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic? 
How many Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century? 
What was the height of the persecution of the Huguenots? 
By 1620 the Huguenots were on the defensive, and the government increasingly applied pressure? 
How many Protestants in modern France represent 2% of its population? 
What is the oldest street in the United States of America? 
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees in the Dutch Republic after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes? 
Who was the gate of King Hugo haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet? 
What was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830? 
How many Huguenots were exodus from France created a brain drain? 
What was the pattern of warfare followed by brief periods of peace? 
What did the revocation forbade Protestant services? 
Who was the first Huguenots to leave France? 
What do many of the farms in South Africa still bear French names? 
Who signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina? 
What was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time? 
In what year did the Huguenots create two new neighbourhoods? 
When did Huguenots flee to surrounding Protestant countries? 
In what year did a group of Norman Huguenots establish the small colony of Fort Caroline? 
When did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to the colony of Virginia? 
How many Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch against Spain during the first years of the Dutch Revolt? 
How many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th and early 18th centuries? 
In what year did Prince Louis de Condé establish a Huguenot community? 
How many Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations? 
What was the name of the pro-reform and Gallican Roman Catholics? 
What was the Massacre of 24 August – 3 October 1572? 
When did Louis XIV gain the throne? 
What was the name of the Huguenots in New York? 
What was the name of the Huguenot congregations in North America? 
What was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands? 
What was the French Protestant Church of London established by Royal Charter in 1550? 
When did Huguenot refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms? 
When is the working fluid separate from the combustion products? 
What was the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive built by Richard Trevithick? 
How many steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water? 
What is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages to increase efficiency? 
In what year did patent valve gears have a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve riding on the back of the main slide valve? 
What can lead fusible plugs be present in the boiler's firebox? 
In what year did James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion? 
What was the first recorded rudimentary steam engine described by Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria? 
When did compound engines come into widespread use? 
What was the final major evolution of the steam engine design? 
What is the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? 
How are the pistons connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other? 
When does the steam reverse its direction of flow at each stroke (counterflow), entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port? 
What is the aim of the uniflow engine? 
What is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine that does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder? 
What is the working fluid in a Rankine cycle? 
What is the temperature range the Rankine cycle can operate over? 
How many steam engines were the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution? 
When did Trevithick begin his experiments using a trio of locomotives? 
In what year was Arthur Woolf invented a method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling? 
How much of the world's electric production was by steam turbines in the 1990s? 
What is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine? 
What was the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency? 
When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century? 
What was the first commercial steam-powered device developed by Thomas Savery? 
In what year did Richard Trevithick and Oliver Evans introduce engines using high-pressure steam? 
What is the reciprocating steam engine no longer in widespread commercial use? 
Where does steam turbines use surface condensers as a cold sink? 
When was the centrifugal governor adopted for use on a steam engine? 
What was common for industrial units, for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880? 
What are the simplest valve gears that give events of fixed length during the engine cycle? 
In what year did Thomas Savery obtain the first patent for a steam engine? 
What type of rotors are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine with a separate condenser? 
What do steam engines often possess for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? 
What was the Corliss steam engine patented in 1849? 
How did the steam engine contribute to the development of thermodynamic theory? 
What is one of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over others? 
What can be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox? 
What was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine? 
How many nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator? 
When is the Rankine cycle referred to as a practical Carnot cycle? 
What are the major inorganic compounds in living organisms? 
In what century did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for combustion? 
When did Joseph Priestley study mercuric oxide in a glass tube? 
Who conducted one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air? 
What is the oxidant, not the fuel, but the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion? 
What is a fuel used to store and transmit gaseous and liquid oxygen? 
What was thought to be made mostly of phlogiston? 
How many oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other? 
What was the name of Oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1773 or earlier? 
What is dioxygen's double bond character and reactivity? 
What is a reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue? 
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study? 
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen? 
What is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe? 
When did scientists realize that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it? 
How many oxygen isotopes did planetary geologists measure in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites? 
What is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O 2 in which all electron spins are paired? 
What is Oxygen's spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at? 
What do O 2 molecules impart to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field? 
What are the dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms? 
What does the increased solubility of O 2 at lower temperatures have important implications for ocean life? 
What was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved about 3.5 billion years ago? 
What is the result of the oxygen cycle? 
What type of euphoric has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and, when needed, the medical staff? 
What is the essential purpose of respiration? 
When does oxygen form chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides? 
What do people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O 2 supplies? 
What type of storage methods are used for high pressure oxygen tanks, cryogenics and chemical compounds? 
What is the most important class of organic compounds that contain oxygen? 
What is the element found in almost all biomolecules that are important to (or generated by) life? 
What can toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system occur in deep scuba diving? 
In what space suits does Breathing pure O 2 cause no damage due to the low total pressures? 
What can be toxic at elevated partial pressures? 
What was the name of the oil crisis that began when the oil crisis began? 
What was the major impact of the crisis on international relations? 
On what date did the United States unilaterally pull out of the Bretton Woods Accord? 
When did OPEC slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? 
When did OPEC raise the posted price of oil to $5.11 a barrel? 
What did scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973? 
What had a negative influence on the US economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security? 
What member of the European Economic Community faced a complete embargo? 
What was the main factor in the change of government? 
What exacerbated the crisis in the US? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? 
In what year was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph imposed by the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act? 
What has led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? 
In what year did the U.S. consider military action to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields? 
What percentage of its imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970? 
What was the only sign of insecurity in the region? 
How many cylinder engines did Japanese imports have? 
What was the Toyota Hilux and the Datsun Truck introduced? 
What did General Motors, Ford and Chrysler introduce for domestic sales? 
What was the NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215? 
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position? 
What was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration? 
What was the Gemini program that supported Apollo from 1961 to 1972? 
What was the major setback of a 1967 Apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test? 
What was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body? 
What was the name of the Apollo program conceived during the Eisenhower administration? 
In what year did Hugh L. Dryden announce the Apollo program to industry representatives? 
In what year was John F. Kennedy elected president? 
Who was the first person to fly in space on April 12, 1961? 
When did Kennedy send a memo to Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson asking Johnson to look into the status of America's space program? 
What was the name of Robert R. Gilruth's Space Task Group? 
What was the name of the LOC's first Director? 
Who recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job? 
What was Mueller's first manned landing in July 1969? 
In what year was direct ascent generally the mission mode in favor of NASA? 
What did Jerome Wiesner do to Kennedy's science advisor before Kennedy took office? 
How did Wiesner make the disagreement public during a two-day visit to Marshall Space Flight Center? 
What was Maxime Faget's preliminary Apollo design? 
What was the conical crew cabin designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit? 
What was a service propulsion engine and an RCS with propellants? 
What was the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA? 
What was the Lunar Module designed to descend from lunar orbit? 
When did Wernher von Braun start working on the Apollo program? 
What was the first stage of the Saturn IB? 
What was the three-stage Saturn V designed to send a fully fueled CSM and LM to the Moon? 
Who was the first NASA scientist astronaut to fly in space? 
Who awarded all 32 of these astronauts the Distinguished Service Medal? 
When were two Block I CSMs launched on suborbital flights? 
What was the name of the first block II CSM and LM? 
Who became Director of Flight Crew Operations for the Gemini and Apollo programs? 
When was the AS-205 mission canceled? 
What was the cause of North American's problems? 
When did the plugs-out test begin? 
How many houses of Congress overseen an accident review board? 
What was the most important of the changes in the Block II spacecraft and operation procedures? 
In what year did Mueller approve a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing? 
What was the first unmanned flight of the Saturn V? 
What was the first unmanned test flight of LM in Earth orbit? 
When was Apollo 8 planned to be the D mission? 
What was the first landing at the Sea of Tranquility on July 20, 1969? 
How many Saturn Vs were enough for lunar landing missions through Apollo 20? 
When did Apollo 13 launch Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise? 
When was the first landing in 1969? 
What is the age of rocks collected from the Moon? 
What is never seen on Earth rocks due to the thick atmosphere? 
In what year did NASA hold a symposium on project costs? 
What was the most ambitious plan called for using an empty S-IVB as an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission? 
Who was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board? 
In what year did the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater? 
Who sent the first live televised pictures of the Earth and the Moon back to Earth? 
What was the name of the Apollo TV camera recorded? 
What was the budget for the surviving lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11? 
What is a body of treaties and legislation? 
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law? 
What are the primary constitutional sources of the EU's constitution? 
What is the primary law of the EU? 
What were the main Treaties that form the European Union? 
What was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union? 
Who was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament in 1999? 
What does the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
What is the second main legislative body of the EU? 
Who defines the "ordinary legislative procedure" that applies for most EU acts? 
What role has the judicial branch of the EU played in the development of EU law? 
What does the European Court of Justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems? 
What does the Court of Justice have? 
What is the constitutional law that binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law? 
What does the TFEU article 30 mean to the Dutch Customs Authorities? 
What do Directives do not give citizens standing to sue other citizens? 
What did the Italian government fail to implement in Pubblico Ministero v Ratti? 
What is the duty of national courts to interpret domestic law as far as possible in light of the wording and purpose of the directive? 
What are the principles of European Union law developed by the European Court of Justice? 
What principle of proportionality is recognised by the European Court of Justice since the 1950s? 
The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s? 
What was first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 60s? 
What was the only concern that member states should be prevented from violating human rights? 
What is the legal value of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union? 
What was the Social Charter adopted by 11 of the then 12 member states in 1989? 
In what year was the UK Labour Party elected to government? 
What was the name of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Germany? 
What does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit in Article 101(1)? 
In what year did the concept of a "social market economy" be introduced into EU law? 
What is the principle of non-discrimination achieved by a customs union? 
What did the Court of Justice consider to be contrary to TFEU article 34? 
What did the Treaties seek to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country? 
What are the main provisions of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation? 
What has increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? 
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect? 
What is the name of the rainforest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? 
When did the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction occur? 
What is believed to have split the drainage basin of the Amazon along the middle of the continent by the Purus Arch? 
How many tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year? 
How many people lived in the Amazon rainforest in AD 1500? 
Who was the first European to travel the length of the Amazon River? 
What is the name of the land that is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest? 
How many species of insect species are in Brazil? 
What is the highest biodiversity of plant species on Earth? 
What species can pose a hazard in the rainforest? 
What is the main source of deforestation in the Amazon? 
What is the mean annual deforestation rate in the Brazilian Amazon between 2000 and 2005? 
Who is concerned about the loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest? 
What is one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions? 
How many indigenous peoples continue to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories? 
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organize the trees of the Amazon into four categories? 
What year did parts of the Amazon basin experience the worst drought in one hundred years? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought? 
What is the name of a phylum of animals that live in marine waters? 
What do ctenophores have? 
What can a single animal produce both eggs and sperm at the same time? 
What is the name of the ctenophore that has been introduced into the Black Sea? 
What are fossils thought to represent ctenophores? 
What is an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges? 
What is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and cnidarians? 
What are ctenophores the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? 
What type of species do ctenophores have? 
How many comb rows do ctenophores swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing? 
What do some species rely on to adapt to water of different densities? 
What is the main component of the aboral organ? 
Which species of cydippids have bodies that are more or less rounded? 
What are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with? 
What are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end? 
What are the lobes of the Lobata? 
How many comb-rows do lobates have? 
What is the name of the Beroida? 
What is the name of the Cestida? 
What are most Platyctenids that have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction? 
How many species of the genus Ocryopsis are hermaphrodites? 
In what genus Beroe the juveniles lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths? 
What is the name of the ctenophores that is part of the ctenophores? 
What was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals? 
What type of ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten? 
What is Stromatoveris from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte? 
What is the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores? 
What is the county seat of Fresno County? 
When did the Central Pacific Railroad establish a station near Easterby's? 
What was Fresno's population before World War II? 
In what year did BankAmericard launch a new product called BankAmericard in Fresno? 
Who wrote "Walking Into Fresno" in the 1970s? 
What is Fresno's largest public park? 
Between the 1880s and World War II, what was Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings? 
What is the name of the neighborhood on Fresno's far southeast side? 
What area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline in the late 1960s and 1970s? 
What is the center of Fresno's LGBT and hipster Communities? 
What is the name of Fresno's early twentieth century homes? 
What was the name of the historic Alta Vista Tract? 
What is the name of the "West Side" of Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after? 
How many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before? 
What was the name of Woodward Park in the north eastern part of Fresno? 
What was the first aviation community to be built in 1946? 
What is Fresno's semi-arid climate? 
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno? 
What was the population density of Fresno in 2010? 
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? 
What was the population density of the city as of the census of 2000? 
What is the name of the first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? 
What is Amtrak San Joaquins' main passenger rail station? 
Who developed the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching in the late 1950s? 
What is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session? 
What type of communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes? 
When did Baran develop the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching? 
Who developed the same message routing methodology as Baran? 
What is a connection identifier rather than address information? 
What does X.25 do at the network layer of the OSI Model? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational? 
What was AppleTalk's proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. in 1985? 
What was the name of the CYCLADES packet switching network? 
What was DECnet originally released in 1975 to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
In what year was a data network based on this voice-phone network designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers? 
What was the name of the 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities? 
What was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States? 
What was the name of the international data communications network Tymnet headquartered in San Jose? 
What were two types of X.25 networks initially implemented with an X.25 external interface? 
What was AUSTPAC's first public X.25 network? 
What was the name of the public switched data network operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom? 
What was the name of the computer science network that was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation? 
What is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities? 
In what year did the Very high-speed Backbone Network Service come on line? 
What is the name of the Black Death in Central Asia? 
What is enzootic in populations of fleas carried by rodents? 
In what year was Plague first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders? 
In what year did the disease spread to France, Spain, Portugal and England? 
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria in Egypt? 
When did Gasquet claim the Latin name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appear in modern times? 
What was the most authoritative account at the time of medical knowledge stagnated during the Middle Ages? 
What is the dominant explanation for the Black Death? 
Who wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893? 
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague? 
What were two previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves? 
Who did J. F. D. Shrewsbury first challenge the plague theory in 1970? 
What is an epidemiological account of the plague as important as an identification of symptoms? 
What did sceptics argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic? 
Who suggested the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax? 
What is the most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East during this time? 
What year was the plague present somewhere in Europe between 1346 and 1671? 
Who proposes a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300? 
In what century was the plague present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time? 
Who was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850? 
What is an important concept in geology that illustrates the relationships between these three types of rock? 
What was the most important discovery in the 1960s? 
What did plate tectonics provide for many observations of the solid Earth? 
How can seismologists use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the Earth? 
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale? 
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? 
What did geologists use to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events at the beginning of the 20th century? 
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten and become thicker than muds? 
What is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning? 
What happens during the addition of new rock units? 
What are the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States and the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States? 
What methods do geologists use to decipher Earth history and understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth? 
What are the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory? 
How do structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks? 
What are some of the most well-known experiments in structural geology? 
In what laboratory do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? 
In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first geological map of the U.S. produced in 1809? 
How did Sir Charles Lyell first publish his famous book Principles of Geology? 
What is Newcastle upon Tyne? 
What was the name of the city named after in 1080? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? 
What was Newcastle's northern fortress during the Middle Ages? 
When was a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from Tyneside to Newcastle Quayside? 
What was the name of the close-knit community of keelmen in the Sandgate area? 
In what year did the North declare for the King? 
In what century did shipbuilding and heavy engineering be central to the city's prosperity? 
In what part does Newcastle retain a medieval street layout? 
What was the name of Newcastle's neoclassical centre? 
What is the Town Moor located in Newcastle? 
What was the Gateshead Millennium Bridge commissioned by Gateshead Council? 
Who built the Grainger Town area between 1835 and 1842? 
What was the name of the Grainger Market? 
What is the climate in Newcastle? 
In what year was Newcastle positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the UK? 
What is the largest Tesco store in the United Kingdom located in? 
What was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on Tyneside were growing most rapidly? 
What was the proportion of detached homes in the 2010 census? 
What is Newcastle's population according to the Office for National Statistics? 
What is the average age of people living in Newcastle? 
What is the name of the dialect of Newcastle? 
What are examples of Geordie words with origins in Scandinavia? 
What was Newcastle named as the noisiest city in the whole of the UK? 
What is the name of the 'Diamond Strip'? 
How many years did Stephen Kemble manage the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle? 
Who designed the Theatre Royal on Grey Street in 1837? 
What is the largest independent library outside London? 
In what year does the Newcastle Beer Festival take place? 
What is the largest travelling fair in Europe? 
What is Newcastle Mela held on the late August bank holiday weekend? 
What song was covered by Geordie ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne in 1990? 
What was the Pilgrim Street building refurbished between November 2006 and May 2008? 
What is the Centre for Life with its Science Village? 
What movie is the earliest known to feature some exterior scenes filmed in Newcastle? 
Who is the most successful team in the British Basketball League? 
What is Newcastle International Airport located in the northern outskirts of the city? 
How many Grade One listed railway stations in the UK were built in 2014? 
How many hours does Virgin Trains East Coast train to London King's Cross? 
What is Newcastle's first urban light rail transit system? 
What is the name of the programme 'Metro: All Change'? 
What is the name of the new line of the A1? 
What are the main bus companies in Newcastle? 
In what year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy? 
When did the Danish DFDS Seaways run a service to IJmuiden? 
What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle? 
Who was the University of Newcastle upon Tyne established in 1834? 
Who designed the Roman Catholic St. Mary's? 
What was the last addition to the Parish Church of St Andrew? 
When was ITV Tyne Tees based? 
What is the first full-time community radio station in Newcastle? 
Who was the leading British composer of concertos in the 18th century? 
Who were the former pupils of Rutherford Grammar School? 
What is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design? 
Who owns the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture? 
What was Henry Cole's first director of the V&A? 
What was the official opening by Queen Victoria on 22 June 1857? 
How many visitors attended the Britain Can Make It exhibition between September and November 1946? 
In what year did the V&A become the first museum in Britain to present a rock concert? 
What is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in Scotland? 
What was the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum? 
What was an ambitious scheme of decoration developed for the new areas of the museum? 
What was the work of Philip Webb and William Morris? 
Who was the next architect to work at the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke? 
What was the final embellishment used to decorate the east side of the building? 
What is the main façade of the Cromwell Gardens? 
What is the main arch of Prince Albert sculpted by Alfred Drury? 
What was the first major work in the 1950s and early 1960s? 
What was the main silverware gallery redesigned in the 1990s? 
When was the John Madejski Garden opened? 
In what year did the V&A open the first permanent gallery in the UK? 
What are all the major British architects of the last four hundred years represented in the collection? 
What is a rare survivor of the Great Fire of London? 
What is the centrepiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art? 
How many works of art are displayed in the Far Eastern collections? 
Who opened the Toshiba gallery of Japanese art in 1986? 
What are the smaller galleries covering Korea, the Himalayan kingdoms and South East Asia? 
What is one of Leonardo da Vinci's note books? 
What is the name of the manuscripts in the library dating from 12th to 16th centuries? 
What was the name of the National Art Library used to be kept in different formats? 
How many images were taken during the first year of the Factory Project? 
What is the work of British artists and craftspeople on display? 
In what period was design influenced by the spread of printed books and the work of European artists and craftsmen employed in Britain? 
What is one of the most dramatic parts of the museum? 
What was the first factory in Europe to discover the Chinese method of making porcelain? 
How many famous potters are represented in the collection? 
What is the oldest glassware on display in the glass collection? 
What was the main gallery redesigned in 1994? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain? 
In what year did Costiff acquire the Costiff collection of 178 Vivienne Westwood costumes? 
What was the collection of Italian and French Renaissance objects acquired between 1859 and 1865? 
What is one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection? 
What is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world? 
What percentage of the collection is divided into secular and sacred? 
What is one of the rarest items in the Gloucester Candlestick collection? 
Who closed the Musical Instruments gallery on 25 February 2010, a decision which was highly controversial? 
How many British and European oil paintings are included in the collection? 
In what year did John Sheepshanks donate 233 paintings, mainly by contemporary British artists? 
What were the paintings and miniatures that formed part of the Jones bequest of 1882? 
What is one of the most unusual collections of photographs of Animal Locomotion of 1887? 
What is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical European sculpture in the world? 
What is the collection of Italian, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical sculpture unqualled outside of Italy? 
Who is represented by more than 20 works in Rodin's museum collection? 
What are the sculptors who were based in Britain? 
When was the Dorothy and Michael Hintze sculpture galleries opened? 
What is the largest collection of textiles in the world? 
What is the Cloth of St Gereon? 
What is one of the earliest examples of European quilting? 
What is the name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries? 
What is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections? 
What was the name of the NBC Blue Network that was purchased by Edward J. Noble? 
How many owned-and-operated television stations are in the United States and its territories? 
What was the name of the Columbia Broadcasting System in the 1930s? 
In what year did Mutual file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations? 
When did Mutual's appeals against the FCC were rejected? 
Who purchased Life Savers candy for $8 million? 
What was the name of the network that aired symphony performances? 
What was the second period of international expansion linked to in the 1990s? 
What was Leonard Goldenson's first attempt to internationalize the ABC television network? 
Who owns the television rights to most of the Peanuts specials since 2000? 
When did ABC aire Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve on New Year's Eve? 
What is the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history? 
What did ABC find difficult to avoid falling behind on the new medium of television? 
In what year did ABC find itself in the position of an outsider? 
When was United Paramount Theatres forced to become an independent entity? 
Who approached UPT in 1951 on a proposal for UPT to purchase ABC? 
When did the FCC announce the end of its freeze on new station license applications? 
The Flintstones was another example of counterprogramming in the 1960s? 
In what year did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park? 
In what year did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused on its circle logo? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? 
In what year did ID sequences appear in a gold CGI design? 
What was the first ABC identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance? 
In what year did Paul Rand redesigned the ABC logo into its best-known (and current) form? 
When did rumors circulate that Disney-ABC was considering a sale of ABC Radio? 
In what year did ABC's average viewership drop by ten ratings points? 
Who approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002? 
When did Time Warner Cable remove ABC owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider's systems? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is a game show based on the British program of the same title? 
When did The Walt Disney Company announce an agreement to merge with Capital Cities/ABC? 
What was the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks? 
When did ABC's New York City flagship stations change their callsigns to WABC, WABC-FM and WABC-TV? 
In what year did Noble appointed Robert Kintner to be ABC's president? 
When did Goldenson try to help grow ABC? 
What was the most iconic of ABC's relationships with Hollywood producers? 
In what year did ABC Radio launch a special programming project for its FM stations? 
In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week? 
In what year did ABC complete its transition to color? 
What was ABC's first game of the week until 2006? 
In what year did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did Congress pass the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act? 
Who became ABC's program development manager in the early 1970s? 
In what year did ABC premiere the detective series S.W.A.T? 
What series did Kung Fu play in the 1970s? 
What was Roots' first miniseries? 
In what year did ABC News become president of the new ABC News? 
In what year did Arledge create the newsmagazine 20/20? 
What was ABC's plan to launch in 1995? 
In what year did Disney-ABC Television Group merged ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios into a new division? 
What year did the sixth and final season of Lost become the drama's lowest-rated season? 
When did the FCC impose its fin-syn rules? 
What is the name of the Selznick library? 
What is the largest U.S. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates? 
In what year did the ABC-UPT merger begin? 
What was the only remaining program on the network's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition? 
What is the native resolution format for ABC's U.S. television properties? 
What did ABC's dramas continue to fail during the 2010–11 season? 
Who canceled All My Children and One Life to Live after 41 and 43 years on the air? 
What was a slight improvement for ABC in the 2013-14 season? 
What was the name of the two family sitcoms that anchored the network's revamped Wednesday comedy lineup? 
Who took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC in February 1994? 
In what year did the FCC repeal the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did ABC continue on the same path that it began to take? 
Who created Wide World of Sports in 1961? 
In what year was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s? 
In what year did ABC sell KXYZ to the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy delegate his position as president to Daniel B. Burke? 
What is ABC News programming provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays? 
What are the only U.S. states where ABC does not have a locally licensed affiliate? 
What are ABC's own facilities and studios? 
Who owns the Times Square Studios at 1500 Broadway on land in Times Square owned by a development fund for the 42nd Street Project? 
What is the name of the traditional VOD service that is carried on most traditional cable and IPTV providers? 
What was a revised version of the ABC logo introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season? 
When did all U.S. networks regain control of their programming? 
What was a notable exception in Youngstown, Ohio? 
When was the Disneyland anthology series renamed? 
What was ABC's first television series to be broadcast in color on the network? 
What year did Goldenson announce a merger proposal with ITT to ABC management? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy contact Leonard Goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies? 
Who was the president of ABC's broadcasting division? 
How many of ABC's marquee shows ended their runs during the mid-1980s? 
What series did ABC revamp its Friday night schedule in the late 1980s? 
In what year did ABC take advantage of new FCC ownership regulations? 
When did the ABC network become a serious contender to NBC and CBS? 
What did Goldenson give ABC a continuum between film and television? 
In what year did ABC launch "WATCH ABC," a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services? 
Who owns or provides services to 28 ABC affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates? 
When did ABC begin to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season? 
What is the difference between WFTS-TV and WWSB? 
Who came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor before Genghis Khan's death? 
Who was Temüjin born in 1162? 
Who had three brothers named Hasar, Hachiun, and Temüge? 
How many years did Hoelun and her children live in poverty? 
In what year did Temüjin escape from the ger? 
When did none of the tribal confederations of Mongolia were united politically? 
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? 
What was Temüjin's father's name? 
When did Jamukha and Temüjin drift apart in their friendship? 
What did Temüjin promise to civilians and soldiers wealth from future war spoils? 
What was the next direct threat to Temüjin? 
What did Temüjin say he did not want to be disloyal men in his army? 
What is Genghis Khan's life marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies? 
When did Genghis Khan plan again to conquer the Jin dynasty? 
What was the name of the khanate of Qara Khitai? 
What force did the invading Mongols use to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among Kuchlug's supporters? 
Who led the first division into the northeast of Khwarezmia? 
What faction split the Shah's army into small groups concentrated in various cities? 
What did Genghis Khan order to destroy the remnants of the Khwarezmid Empire? 
Who attacked Samarkand using captured enemies as body shields? 
What was the city of Bukhara not heavily fortified? 
When did Genghis Khan defeat the Khwarezmian Empire? 
Who recalled Subutai back to Mongolia? 
In what year did Genghis Khan begin a retaliatory attack on the Tanguts? 
In what year did Genghis Khan's army attack and destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor? 
Who was Genghis Khan aware of the friction between his sons? 
What was Jochi's father's death in 1226? 
Who died during the fall of Yinchuan in August 1227? 
On what date was a joint archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be Genghis Khan's palace in rural Mongolia? 
What was the name of the Yassa created by Genghis Khan? 
What were tax exemptions for religious figures? 
Who attempted to create a civil state under the Great Yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals, including women? 
Who was captured by the Mongol army after the Jin dynasty was defeated? 
Who put absolute trust in his generals? 
What was the standard tactic of the Mongol military? 
What was Genghis Khan's death in 1227? 
What is Genghis Khan credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment? 
In what year did Genghis Khan become one of the central figures of the Mongolian national identity? 
What is Genghis Khan's name and likeness endorsed on products, streets, buildings, and other places? 
Who is Genghis Khan regarded as one of the prominent leaders in Mongolia's history? 
What is the population of Genghis Khan in the People's Republic of China? 
What is Genghis Khan almost universally condemned in the Middle East? 
How many people were killed in the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir among others? 
Who were the famous Mughal emperors proud descendants of Genghis Khan and particularly Timur? 
What is a palatalised version of the Mongolian and Turkic word tenggis? 
What is Genghis Khan spelled in different ways in different languages? 
What is the Greek word pharma derived from? 
What do pharmacists do to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines? 
What is a pharmacy technician in the UK considered a health care professional? 
In what century was Diocles of Carystus one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants? 
What were the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists in Japan? 
What was the name of Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi? 
What is the name of the medieval Esteve Pharmacy located in Llvia? 
In what country is the dispensary subject to pharmacy legislation? 
What type of medication can be found within the premises of the hospital? 
What do pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimize the use of medication? 
What is the role of the clinical pharmacist? 
What is the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam? 
What focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? 
How many Internet pharmacies have been established in the United States since 2000? 
What are some Internet pharmacies selling prescription drugs without requiring a prescription? 
What is a particular concern with Internet pharmacies? 
What is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science? 
What is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry in 2013? 
What are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? 
What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy? 
In what decade are pharmacists expected to become more integral within the health care system? 
In what country do pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government for conducting comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews? 
What are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries? 
What is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease? 
How many defense mechanisms have evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens? 
What can result in autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? 
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system? 
When does the immune system protect organisms from infection? 
What is the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules? 
What do microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system? 
What is the first line of defense against infection? 
What are the -defensins? 
What do commensal flora serve as biological barriers in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts? 
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection? 
What are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens? 
What is the second arm of the innate immune system? 
What are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment? 
What is a component of the innate immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes? 
What is the adaptive immune system that evolved in early vertebrates? 
What is the name of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule? 
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses? 
What is the T cell's CD4 co-receptor that recognizes antigen bound to? 
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells have? 
When does a B cell identifie pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen? 
When are B cells and T cells activated? 
What type of antibody is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta? 
What are female sex hormones known as? 
What effect may active immunizations have when suffering from sleep deprivation? 
What is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partly responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals? 
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? 
What is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent? 
How many T cells and antibodies react with "self" peptides? 
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries? 
What is the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed? 
What method allows pathogens to successfully infect a host while evading detection or destruction by the immune system? 
In what year did Frank Burnet form the clonal selection theory of immunity? 
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs used to control the effects of inflammation? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells and CTLs? 
What are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens? 
How many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist in jawed vertebrates? 
How many vertebrates did a multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose with? 
How many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time? 
What do some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers? 
What is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues? 
What is an evasion strategy used by pathogens to avoid the innate immune system? 
What is the simplest approach to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
What is a third possible source of tumor antigens? 
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response, particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly, or in larger doses? 
What does sleep and the intertwined circadian system have on immunological functions? 
What was one of Egypt's earliest massive implementations brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution? 
What is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience depicted in Sophocles' play Antigone? 
When did Percy Shelley write the political poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official? 
What does LeGrande say is difficult, if not impossible? 
What is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws? 
What is the final judge of right and wrong? 
What do some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities? 
What does Black's Law Dictionary include in its definition of civil disobedience? 
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience mean? 
What did the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience take place during the Roman Empire? 
What is the name of a civil disobedience? 
Who was arrested for sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors stating, "Wise up or die"? 
What do some forms of civil disobedience make it harder for a system to function? 
What do civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers? 
What is an important decision for civil disobedients? 
When did the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsor a protest? 
How many times do protesters choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice? 
What did some civil disobedience defendants choose to make in allocution? 
What is one theory that disobedience may be helpful? 
What type of civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not, itself, the object of protest? 
What is a major goal of criminal punishment? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? 
What type of work requires collaboration across multiple disciplines? 
What are the three sectors of construction in general? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings? 
What is the cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses? 
What are the new techniques of building construction being researched? 
What type of design team is most commonly employed by the property owner? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties? 
What happens when builders ask for too little money to complete the project? 
What does a project that fails to adhere to codes do not benefit the owner? 
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations? 
What are new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting? 
What is the most common method of construction procurement? 
What is the name of a project that the owner produces? 
Before the foundation can be dug, what are contractors typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked? 
What is the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees in the United States in 2014? 
What is the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East? 
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world? 
What is the name of private schools? 
What is the term used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries? 
What is the term for the secondary level? 
What is a subcategory of private schools? 
What is the social status of the 'old school tie' in Australia? 
What are some of the best known independent schools? 
What is the right to create private schools in Germany? 
What are ordinary primary or secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or religious groups? 
What are the secondary or post-secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or rarely, religious groups? 
What is an aided or unaided school in India? 
How many non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in India? 
What is the average fee in Ireland for most private schools? 
How many schools were assimilated into the National School system after Malaysia's independence? 
What is the other category of schools? 
How many private schools in New Zealand are in decline since the mid-1970s? 
What is King's College and Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland? 
What percentage of primary enrollment is the private sector in the Philippines? 
What scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools? 
What were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? 
In what year did white government schools have the option to convert to a "semi-private" form? 
What percentage of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008? 
Who prefers to be called independent schools because of their freedom to operate outside of government and local government control? 
In what case did Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka decide to desegregate United States schools with all deliberate speed? 
What is generally provided for private schools through student tuition, endowments, scholarship/voucher funds? 
What was the beginning of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? 
When did quality private schools in the United States charge substantial tuition? 
What is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States? 
What is a large, highly residential research university? 
What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution in Boston? 
What was the name of the college at New Towne? 
How many Puritan ministers were trained in the early years of the College? 
When did the Hollis Professor of Divinity die? 
In what year did the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz be acclaimed? 
What was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education? 
What was James Bryant Conant's first president? 
How many men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe? 
What is the main campus of Harvard's 209-acre main campus? 
How many of the university's athletics facilities are located on a campus opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston? 
How many tracts of land has Harvard purchased in Allston? 
How many professors, lecturers, and instructors do Harvard's 2,400 professors instruct? 
What was the largest university endowment in the world? 
In what year did the South African movement divest? 
What is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation as "more selective, lower transfer-in"? 
What does the four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasize? 
How many half-courses do Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar? 
What was the total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year? 
What is the largest academic library in the United States? 
How many arts, cultural, and scientific museums are located in the Harvard Art Museums? 
How many university rankings have Harvard consistently ranked? 
Who competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Ivy League? 
What year did Harvard's football team win the Rose Bowl? 
What is the name of the Malkin Athletic Center known as? 
What was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon? 
Who is the Civil rights leader? 
Who is the biologist at Harvard? 
What is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida? 
What is Jacksonville in the First Coast region of northeast Florida? 
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port since the late 19th century? 
In what year did a University of North Florida team discover some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River? 
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British? 
When was Jacksonville a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause? 
When did Jacksonville and St. Augustine become popular winter resorts for the rich and famous? 
What was the name of the first multi-story building built by Klutho? 
What was the name of the "Winter Film Capital of the World" in the 1910s? 
What did the construction of highways lead residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
How much of the city's tax base dissipated? 
In what years did corruption scandals arise among the city's officials? 
When a consolidation referendum was held in 1967, who approved the consolidation referendum? 
What is the total area of Jacksonville? 
What is the tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline? 
What is a humid subtropical climate in Jacksonville? 
What is the average monthly temperature in January to 82 F in July? 
What was the strongest effect on Jacksonville from Hurricane Dora in 1964? 
What is the twelfth most populous city in the United States? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living with them? 
In what year did the richest 1% of adults own 40% of global assets? 
What do capitalist firms use to substitute capital equipment for labor inputs? 
What is a purely capitalist mode of production? 
What does a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time will result in a low wage for that job? 
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level? 
What is the difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation? 
What factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education? 
In what year did the mass high school education movement decrease? 
What does John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to as one of the causes of economic inequality? 
Who estimates that trade liberalization has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States? 
What is a Gender pay gap in many countries in favor of males in the labor market? 
What economist argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development? 
What was the Kuznets curve? 
What is a process by which newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities? 
What does Joseph Stiglitz argue that market forces should serve as a brake on concentrations of wealth and income? 
What are higher rates of health and social problems? 
Which Nobel Prize winner said rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem? 
Who found higher rates of health and social problems in countries and states with higher inequality? 
How many years did Americans live in the USA? 
What is the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries? 
What has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society? 
What is the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number? 
What do Conservative researchers argue that income inequality is not significant because consumption should be the measure of inequality? 
What has created deep financial 'fault lines' that have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past? 
What is correlated with the duration of economic growth spells? 
What economists say increasing inequality harms economic growth? 
Who presented evidence that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand? 
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis that states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? 
What were some theories developed in the 1970s? 
What role can economic growth play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals? 
How much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system in many poor and developing countries? 
How many researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality? 
What are the costs of housing, pensions, education and health care shared by everyone? 
What is the difference between the economic inequality and environmental degradation? 
What is the vast disparities in wealth attribute to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners? 
Who argued that government redistributes wealth by force? 
What approach looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “capability deprivation”? 
How much income does an old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man? 
Who is a British science fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963? 
What was the first series of the 21st century produced by Russell T Davies? 
How many actors have headlined the series as the Doctor? 
What is the name of the Doctor who rarely travels alone? 
How many seasons did the BBC drama department produce the programme? 
Who worked for Columbia Pictures' tv arm in the United States? 
Who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series[note 2] and the 1996 telefilm? 
When did the phrase "Hiding behind (or 'watching from behind') the sofa enter British pop culture? 
What was the most violent of the drama programmes the BBC produced at the time? 
Who was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine? 
How many 45-minute, self-contained episodes did the 2005 revival change? 
How many Doctor Who instalments have been televised since 1963? 
How many episodes have been returned to the BBC from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast? 
What is the name of the BBC's "Official" reconstructions? 
Who introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character? 
What film would establish that a Time Lord can only regenerate 12 times for a total of 13 incarnations? 
In what year did William Hartnell return with Jon Pertwee? 
What was the name of the Eleventh Doctor in the 2013 episode of The Brain of Morbius? 
What is the name of the first serial of the programme? 
What is the main character of the show since the 2005 revival? 
When did Russell T Davies announce his intention to reintroduce classic icons of Doctor Who one step at a time? 
The Master is the Doctor's archenemy, a renegade Time Lord who wants to rule the universe? 
In what year did Derek Jacobi provide the character's re-introduction in the 2007 episode of "Utopia"? 
What was the original theme composed by Ron Grainer and realised by Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop? 
What was the name of the new arrangement of the theme introduced in the 2007 Christmas special episode? 
Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme in the early 1970s? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years? 
How many soundtrack releases have been released since 2005? 
What was the first episode of Doctor Who repeated the day after the assassination of John F. Kennedy? 
What year did the ITV network strike? 
How many episodes have ever had their premiere showings on other channels than BBC One? 
In what year did the Australian Broadcasting Corporation first run the Australian Broadcasting Corporation? 
When did TVOntario pick up the show? 
Who recorded a special video introduction for each episode of "The Christmas Invasion" on 26 December 2005? 
What is a wide selection of serials available from BBC Video on DVD in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States? 
Who played the Daleks in the 1970s? 
What was the success of the 2005 series produced by Russell T Davies? 
What was the Sarah Jane Adventures starring? 
When was Dimensions in Time produced for Children in Need? 
Who and the Curse of Fatal Death was made for Comic Relief in 1999? 
Who has also been referenced in popular culture and other science fiction? 
What was the earliest Doctor Who-related audio release? 
Who has released several different series of Doctor Who audios since 1999? 
How many Doctor Who books have been published from the mid-sixties to the present day? 
What was the name of the Doctor Who character created by BBC Television in the early 1960s? 
Who was the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor? 
Who was awarded an Institutional Peabody in 2013? 
Who won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial in 1975? 
What was the highest-profile and most prestigious British television award for which the series has ever been nominated? 
What is the name of the private research university in Chicago? 
What is the largest university press in the United States? 
When was the University of Chicago incorporated? 
Who created and incorporated the University of Chicago as a coeducational, secular institution in 1890? 
What was the name of the university affiliated with in the 1890s? 
In what year did Robert Maynard Hutchins take office? 
In what year did student applications decline? 
What was the name of the Kalven Report? 
In what year did the University of Chicago begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects? 
What were the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan? 
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District? 
Who oversees the long-term development and plans of the University of Chicago? 
What are the academic bodies of the University of Chicago? 
What is the College of the University of Chicago's Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees? 
What is the name of the core curriculum at the University of Chicago? 
What is the name of the university that runs the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools? 
What is the 11th most among library systems in the United States? 
What is the center for Near Eastern Studies owned and operated by the university? 
What is the nameake of the Chicago school of economics supported by Milton Friedman and other economists? 
What is the name of the UChicago Arts program? 
In what year did the University of Chicago enroll 5,792 students in the College? 
In what year did the Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III? 
What is the name of the University of Chicago's Recognized Student Organizations? 
What are all Recognized Student Organizations funded by The University of Chicago Student Government? 
What is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago? 
What year has the University of Chicago held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt? 
Who is the third richest man in America? 
Who was the founder of modern community organizing Saul Alinsky? 
Who is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall Lauren Oliver? 
Who is the minimalist composer in the arts and entertainment? 
Who is a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life? 
Who is a major advisor to Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
Who is the founder of McKinsey & Co.? 
What was the name of the Yuan dynasty? 
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty after the division of the Mongol Empire? 
In what year did Kublai Khan establish the Yuan dynasty? 
In what year did Genghis Khan join the Mongol and Turkic tribes of the steppes? 
How many Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin? 
Who lived in the Jin dynasty? 
When did Möngke Khan start a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty? 
When did Ogedei's grandson refuse to submit to Kublai? 
Who readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264? 
How did Kublai Khan promote commercial, scientific, and cultural growth? 
What was the name of the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou who fled to Qufu? 
What was the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin? 
What was Kublai's second invasion of Japan in 1281? 
In what year did the Duan dynasty be appointed as governors-general? 
Who was the first Yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream Chinese culture? 
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son and successor? 
When did Yesün Temür die in Shangdu? 
What was the name of the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature? 
Who was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan? 
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty marked by? 
In what year did the Red Turban Rebellion start and grew into a nationwide uprising? 
What was the major cultural achievements of the Yuan dynasty? 
When were Western musical instruments introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts? 
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time? 
Who helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year? 
What was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China? 
What was the name of the system of bureaucracy created by Kublai Khan? 
What did the Ministry of Justice do in the Yuan administration? 
What was the average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty? 
How many great artists and writers were famous in the Yuan era? 
What religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty? 
How did Zhu Shijie solve simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns? 
Who was divided into non-Mongol physicians called otachi and traditional Mongol shamans? 
What was the name of the Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan? 
Who was the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court in 1263? 
What technology was transferred to the Mongols through Kingdom of Qocho and Tibetan intermediaries? 
What was the name of the paper money of the Yuan? 
When did the Mongols import Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China? 
What did the Yuan Emperors restrict to Muslims? 
What was the reason for the order of the classes and why people were placed in a certain class? 
When did the Mongols place the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans? 
What part of the Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty? 
What is Kenya's capital and largest city? 
What is Kenya's warm and humid tropical climate on its Indian Ocean coastline? 
What region has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period? 
What is the name of the Republic of Kenya? 
What did Ludwig Krapf call Kenia and Kegnia believed to be a corruption of the Kamba version? 
What is the name of the "Big Five" game animals of Africa? 
How many years ago did primates roam the area? 
When did the Swahili build Mombasa into a major port city? 
In what century did the Kenyan Coast host many merchants and explorers? 
What was the name of the Protectorate? 
How many members of the Kikuyu people lived in the central highlands? 
How many Mau Mau supporters were killed by the Home Guard on 21 October 1956? 
What was the first direct elections for native Kenyans to the Legislative Council? 
What was the mlolongo system seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime? 
Who is the head of state and head of government in Kenya? 
Who ranks low on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki run for re-election against the Orange Democratic Movement? 
What was the executive director of TAABCO Research and Development Consultants in Nairobi? 
Who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in Parliament? 
What was a constitutional change considered that would eliminate the position of Prime Minister? 
In what year did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Laws Amendment Bill? 
What are the armed forces regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world? 
What have Kenya’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? 
What percentage of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day? 
What is East and Central Africa's biggest economy's biggest economy's growth in the service sector? 
What percentage of Kenya's GDP is dominated by tourism? 
What is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product? 
How many pigeon peas can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall? 
What is one of the most successful agricultural production regions in Africa? 
What is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes region? 
What Act has given Kenya a boost to manufacturing in recent years? 
What is the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply? 
What is Kenya's oil reserves estimated to be about 10 billion barrels? 
What was Kenya's largest source of foreign direct investment? 
In what year did the Kenyan government unveil Vision 2030? 
What are Kenya's two official languages used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations? 
What percentage of Kenyans are Christian? 
What percentage of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region? 
What percentage of the population visits dispensaries, health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas? 
How many Kenyans live below the poverty level? 
What was Kenya's first system of education introduced by British colonists? 
What was the current 8–4–4 system launched in January 1985? 
How many years does basic formal education start at the age of six? 
What percentage of the country's literacy level stands at? 
What is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in Nairobi? 
What is the name of Kenya's best-known athletes? 
How many medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics? 
Who has been a dominant force in women's volleyball in Africa in the past decade? 
How many years ago was Safari Rally a part of the World Rally Championship? 
What do Kenyans generally have three meals in a day? 
What is the main international treaty on climate change? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? 
What is the IPCC Panel composed of? 
What is the name of the IPCC Trust Fund established by the United Nations Environment Programme and the World Meteorological Organization? 
Who does the IPCC do not carry out research? 
How many authors are responsible for writing and editing the material? 
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change? 
In what year did the IPCC finalize two IPCC Special Reports? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? 
What was the name of the third assessment report? 
What was the MBH99 based graph featured in publicity? 
Who wrote joint letters to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce on 23 June 2005? 
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) published in 2007? 
What was the eve of the publication of the IPCC's major report on climate? 
What is another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the IPCC have actually understated them? 
What is Michael Oppenheimer's long-time participant in the IPCC? 
What is the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compared with dealing with other environmental challenges? 
Who compares the ozone depletion case to global warming? 
What does the IPCC operate on the basis of? 
How many climate scientists wrote in February 2010 in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report? 
What is chlorophyll's main role in photosynthesis? 
What is the name of the cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is one of many types of organelles in the plant cell? 
What are Cyanobacteria considered the ancestors of chloroplasts? 
How many years ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is the name of the chloroplasts that can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor? 
What is the name of the alga Cyanophora? 
What are the phycobilin pigments on the thylakoid membranes? 
What are the chloroplastidan chloroplasts? 
What is a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga? 
What type of chromalveolates are Apicomplexans? 
What is the most important apicoplast function? 
What is the most common dinophyte chloroplast? 
What did the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages lose? 
Who has a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte? 
What do some dinophytes have a diatom derived chloroplast? 
What is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently? 
What is the name of the plastome? 
What are the inverted repeat regions highly conserved among land plants? 
What is the mechanism for chloroplast DNA replication? 
How many A  G deamination gradients are found in cpDNA? 
What is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? 
How many of the protein products of transferred genes aren't even targeted back to the chloroplast? 
When is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol? 
What are chloroplasts generally lens-shaped? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? 
When did chloroplast membranes protrude out into the cytoplasm? 
What is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum found in? 
What is the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes? 
What are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across? 
When were Plastoglobuli thought to be free-floating in the stroma? 
What are the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae? 
What are the two types of thylakoids? 
How many photosynthetic carotenoids are found in the photosystems? 
What is a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria? 
What enzyme is used to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis? 
What are chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells specialized for each stage of photosynthesis? 
What are the chloroplasts that make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green? 
What are chloroplasts found in plants such as cacti? 
What can the chloroplasts of plant and algal cells orient themselves to best suit the available light? 
What are the two main immune responses in plants? 
What can chloroplasts serve as? 
What is one of the main functions of the chloroplast? 
What is hydrogen ion gradient used to generate ATP energy? 
What enzyme starts by using Rubisco to fix CO2 into five-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate molecules? 
How can glucose monomers in the chloroplast be linked together to make starch? 
What can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high? 
What is the name of the chloroplast that makes almost all of a plant cell's amino acids? 
What is a special type of a plant cell organelle called? 
What is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll? 
What are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit? 
What does the division process start when the proteins FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 assemble into filaments? 
What is the inner plastid-dividing ring located in? 
What is a requirement for chloroplast division? 
How many plants have chloroplasts caught attention lately? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1? 
What is the property of being prime? 
How many primes are shown by Euclid around 300 BC? 
What is Goldbach's conjecture about prime numbers? 
What does the image at the right illustrate that 12 is not prime? 
How many early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number? 
What does Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold? 
What are the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers? 
When did Pierre de Fermat prove Fermat's little theorem? 
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n? 
What do modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into? 
What is a very simple example of a probabilistic test? 
What are prime numbers of this form? 
What are some of the largest known primes of the mentioned types? 
Are prime for any natural number n? 
How many primes can be seen using the zeta function? 
What is the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating from 1859? 
What is Riemann's hypothesis that many more conjectures are revolving about primes? 
What is a third type of conjecture? 
What was seen as a canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time? 
What does Fermat's little theorem say is a sufficient condition for p to be prime? 
What are 512-bit primes used for RSA and 1024-bit primes for Diffie–Hellman? 
What is the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada? 
What is the concept of prime number so important that it has been generalized in different ways in various branches of mathematics? 
What is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined? 
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold in unique factorization domains? 
When is the notion of number replaced with that of ideal? 
What is the point of algebro-geometric objects via the notion of the spectrum of a ring? 
What is the difference between the absolute value and the absolute value? 
Which composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music through "natural phenomena"? 
What river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps? 
How many variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rnos? 
How long is the Rhine shortened from the river's natural course? 
Where is the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine formed? 
What is the name of the inland delta of the Rhine into Lake Constance? 
What was a regulation of the Rhine called for in order to counteract the constant flooding and sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta? 
What is the name of the Lake Constance? 
What does the flow of cold, gray mountain water continue for some distance into the lake? 
When does the Rhine emerge from Lake Constance? 
What is the name of the first major city in the course of the stream? 
In what century was the Upper Rhine region changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
How many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland? 
What is the name of the Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz? 
What is the largest conurbation in Germany? 
What does the Dutch name Rijn no longer coincide with? 
What is the second third of the water flowing through the Pannerdens Kanaal? 
What is the name of the river Rijn used for? 
When is the Rhine-Meuse Delta the most important natural region of the Netherlands? 
What is the name of the Rhine delta determined by? 
When did the Meuse flow south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea? 
What are the main arms of the current delta? 
What is the Rhine-Meuse Delta? 
In what period was the stage set in the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era? 
What caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone? 
By what period did the Rhine capture streams down to the Vosges Mountains? 
How many years ago was the geological period of the Ice Ages? 
When did the last glacial run from 74,000 (BP = Before Present) until the end of the Pleistocene? 
What did the Rhine's current course do during the last Ice Age? 
In what year did the sea level rise in the southern North Sea rise? 
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley? 
How many avulsions have occurred in the delta since 3000 yr BP? 
What do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea? 
When did the Rhine first enter the historical period in the 1st century BC? 
What was Augustus' death in AD 14 until after AD 70? 
How many legions did the Romans keep in five bases along the Rhine? 
Which Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period? 
In what century was the Rhine within the borders of Francia? 
What was a long-term goal of French foreign policy since the Middle Ages? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? 
When was the Rhine bridge at Arnhem immortalized in the book A Bridge Too Far? 
What was the generally accepted length of the Rhine until 1932? 
In what year did the Scottish electorate vote for devolution? 
How many years was Scotland directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain and the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
Who would set up an elected assembly in Edinburgh? 
What party controlled the government of the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s? 
What is the official home of the Scottish Parliament since September 2004? 
What was the permanent building at Holyrood being constructed? 
What was the former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George IV Bridge used for the MSP's offices? 
What is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the role of the Presiding Officer in the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body? 
What is a hemicycle in the debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the name of the parliamentary mace in front of the Presiding Officers' desk? 
What is the verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates? 
What is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons? 
Who decides who speaks in chamber debates and how much time is allowed to speak in chamber debates? 
When do MSPs decide on all motions and amendments that have been moved that day? 
Which party usually instructs members which way to vote? 
What is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a Scottish minister? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committees? 
What are the current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament? 
What are the Subject Committees established at the beginning of each parliamentary session? 
What was the Scottish Act 1998 passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
What does the Scottish Parliament have the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound? 
What is the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What is the first, or introductory stage of the bill? 
What stage is the final stage of the bill? 
What does the Presiding Officer submit to the Monarch for royal assent? 
What is the name of the party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament? 
What are ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament held on the first Thursday in May every four years? 
Who can deliver statements to Parliament upon which MSPs are invited to question? 
When is Parliamentary time set aside for question periods in the debating chamber? 
What are 73 of the 129 MSPs elected to represent first past the post constituencies? 
What was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 and the British Nationality Act 1981? 
What was the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority? 
What seat was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie lost to the SNP? 
What is Islamism also known as? 
What party is the Tunisian Ennahda Movement? 
What is a major division within Islamism? 
What is Islamism a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam? 
What is a way of life that Islamists believe in? 
When did Western and pro-Western governments support Islamists and Islamist groups? 
What was Sadat's policy of opening Egypt to Western investment? 
What did the Saudi-based Wahhabism or Salafism promote? 
When did Iqbal study law and philosophy in England and Germany? 
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League? 
What was Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi's role in the Islamic revival in India? 
What did Maududi think Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia? 
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Ismailiyah in 1928? 
What was the only opposition group in Egypt able to field candidates during elections? 
What constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world during the Six-Day War? 
What was Ali Shariati's ideologue of the Iranian Revolution? 
What has the Islamic Republic maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions? 
In what year did the Soviet Union deploy its 40th Army into Afghanistan? 
What was the problem with Saddam's defeat? 
What did Qutb's ideas become more radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966? 
What organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981? 
What group employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order in the 1990s? 
When did the First Palestine Intifada take place? 
In what year did Hamas kill 542 people in 140 suicide bombings? 
How many years did Sudan have an Islamist regime under the leadership of Hassan al-Turabi? 
In what year did al-Nimeiry overtake al-Nimeiry? 
What is the name of the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria? 
What did the mujahideen win against the Soviet Union in the 1980s? 
What was the name of the Deobandi movement established for impoverished Afghan refugees? 
In what year did General Zia-ul-Haq overtrow Prime Minister Ali Bhutto's regime? 
What is the name of "Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"? 
What was the name of the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad? 
What is HT's view of the Caliphate? 
What does HT do not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system? 
What is the name of the Muslim population in Greater London? 
What was the name of the U.S. government's efforts to counter Islamism? 
What is the Latin word for Imperialism? 
What is a policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force? 
Who used the term imperialism in slightly more discriminating fashion to mean all kinds of domination or control by a group of people over another? 
What is the closest modern English equivalent? 
What is the term "imperialism" often conflated with? 
What do imperialism and colonialism do? 
What is a controversial aspect of imperialism based on? 
What did the Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe have? 
Who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of European guidance? 
What are the principles of imperialism generally generalizable to? 
What did Edward Said say about Orientalism refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What was Bassett's analysis of during the "scramble for Africa"? 
What is cultural imperialism when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles? 
What period began in the Age of Imperialism around 1700? 
Who built a framework for understanding European imperialism? 
What was the focus of Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism? 
What did Europe continue to advance in military technology? 
What was the term "Imperialism" introduced into English in the late 1870s? 
How many historians and political theorists pioneered much of the debate? 
What was the concept of environmental determinism used to categorically place indigenous peoples in a racial hierarchy? 
What was the name of the British East India Company established in 1599? 
In what year did France take control of Algeria? 
In what year was Jules Ferry the leading exponent of colonialism declared France had a civilising mission? 
In what year did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French use the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France? 
What did Germanic tribes expand throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity? 
What was Germany’s participation in Western imperialism negligible until the late 19th century? 
In what year did Germany start to build a colonial empire in Africa and the South Pacific? 
What was Japan's first Sino-Japanese War in 1894? 
When did Bolsheviks effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire? 
Who believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution? 
What was the name of the First British Empire? 
What was the Scramble for Africa and major additions in Asia and the Middle East? 
What did the early United States express its opposition to Imperialism? 
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society? 
What type of imperialism is distinct from informal U.S. imperialism? 
When was the Ottoman Empire an imperial state? 
What was the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for six centuries? 
In what century was the United Methodist Church a leader in Evangelicalism? 
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement? 
What was the name of the movement which became The United Methodist Church in the mid-18th century? 
In what year did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to the American Indians in the colony of Georgia? 
When did John Wesley want the Methodists to stay within the Church of England? 
When was St. George's United Methodist Church founded? 
Who was the first African American ordained by the Methodist Church? 
How many years has Methodism in the United States seen a number of divisions and mergers? 
What does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of? 
Who was compelled to break with standard practice in 1784? 
How many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition? 
What is the grace that "goes before" us? 
What is justifying Grace or Accepting Grace? 
What is the grace of God that sustains the believers in the journey toward Christian Perfection? 
What is The Book of Discipline characterized as Arminian theology? 
What is the sanctity of human life in the United Methodist Church? 
What church holds that women are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother? 
When did John Wesley warn against the dangers of drinking? 
What does the United Methodist Church say is a reason for taking human life? 
Who was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999? 
How many organizations, conferences, and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the LGBT community within the UMC? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? 
What does the United Methodist Church maintain that war is incompatible with Christ's message and teachings? 
What teaches that pornography is about violence, degradation, exploitation, and coercion? 
What does the UMC support for research on embryos created for IVF that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased? 
How many notable heroes and heroines of the Christian faith may be named after? 
What is the highest level of the United Methodist Church organized into? 
What are the jurisdictional and central conferences that are subordinate to the General Conference? 
What is one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils? 
What is the highest court in the denomination? 
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC? 
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors? 
How many colleges and universities are affiliated with the United Methodist Church? 
Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What are all clergy appointments made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the Annual Conference Cabinet? 
What are Elders called by God? 
What are deacons called by God? 
When did the ordination order of transitional deacon be abolished? 
What is the official title of a local pastor? 
Who practices infant and adult baptism? 
What is Baptism a sacrament in the UMC? 
What is the name of the lay servant in the United Methodist Church? 
What is one tradition within the Christian Church? 
In what year did the United Methodist Church enter into full communion with the African Methodist Episcopal Church? 
How many members did the United Methodist Church have in the United States in recent decades? 
What percentage of UMC delegates were from Africa during the 2008 General Conference? 
Who is a member of the Wesleyan Holiness Consortium? 
What was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War? 
What was the name of the war between New France and the British colonies? 
In what year did the British colonial governors meet with General Braddock? 
What was the result of a failed expedition against Louisbourg and the Siege of Fort William Henry? 
What was one of the most significant developments in a century of anglo-French conflict? 
What was the second war in King George's reign in the 1740s? 
What is the name of the North American theater of the Seven Years' War? 
How many French people lived in the St. Lawrence River valley? 
What number of British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1? 
What tribes did the French use their trading connections to recruit fighters from in the Great Lakes region? 
What was the name of the French regular army troops in North America? 
How many Indians was Céloron's expedition force? 
When did Céloron's expedition arrive at Logstown? 
What does Céloron write about the Natives of these localities? 
In what year did the British government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia? 
Who signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748? 
What was the name of the Governor-General of New France? 
What was the name of the Iroquois who sent runners to the manor of William Johnson? 
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to? 
What was the name of the Super Bowl 50? 
Who was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). Who defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game? 
How many sacks did The Broncos take an early lead in Super Bowl 50? 
What was the third most watched U.S. broadcast ever? 
In what year did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell declare that the NFL planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular"? 
Who narrowed the bids to three sites? 
When did the league announce that the two finalists were Sun Life Stadium and Levi's Stadium? 
What was the first Super Bowl held in San Francisco Bay Area since Super Bowl XIX in 1985? 
Who was one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss? 
Who was the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978? 
Who led the Panthers offense in scoring? 
Who led the Panthers in interceptions with 24? 
What did the Broncos lose in the divisional round of the previous season's playoffs? 
Who did Manning finish the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating? 
What was the first time the Broncos' defense ranked first in the NFL yards allowed? 
Who beat the Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round of the NFC Championship Game? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who suffered a major setback when Thomas Davis went down with a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game? 
Who led the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII? 
What was the first Super Bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the #1 pick in their draft classes? 
Who was a linebacker with the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX? 
What was Levi's Stadium's field of a high enough quality to host a Super Bowl? 
Who used the San Jose State practice facility? 
When did the NFL announce that the practice of branding Super Bowl games with Roman numerals would be temporarily suspended? 
How many gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 NFL season to tie into the "Golden Super Bowl"? 
What was the annual NFL Experience held at the Moscone Center in San Francisco? 
What was the name of the game's media day? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee and the NFL? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee? 
What will the winner of Super Bowl 50 receive? 
What was the name of the televised game in the United States? 
Who provided digital streams of the game via CBSSports.com? 
What was CBS's lead-out program for Super Bowl 50? 
When did CBS set the base rate for a 30-second ad at $5,000,000? 
Who paid for movie trailers to be aired during the Super Bowl? 
Who will carry the game throughout North America? 
What is the name of the flagship stations in the markets of each team? 
Which BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Live Sports Extra will carry the contest? 
Which Grammy winner performed the national anthem? 
When did reports surface that "multiple acts" would perform during the halftime show? 
Who completed an 18-yard pass to Owen Daniels and a 22-yard throw to Andre Caldwell? 
What was the first fumble return touchdown in a Super Bowl since Super Bowl XXVIII? 
What did Carolina finish with a 9-play, 73-yard scoring drive? 
What linebacker recovered on the Broncos 40-yard line? 
What did the Panthers score on their opening drive of the second half? 
What did the Broncos drive to the Panthers 41-yard line in the third quarter? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive? 
Who finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns? 
Who was the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the Saxon Garden? 
What are the 13 natural reserves in Warsaw? 
What was the most diverse city in Poland? 
What was the oldest and most influential Polish academic center in Poland? 
What was the University Library founded in 1816? 
What did Warsaw do during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy? 
What is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What is the Teatr Wielki, the Polish National Opera, the Chamber Opera, the National Philharmonic Hall and the National Theatre? 
When was the Summer Theatre in operation in Ogród Saski? 
How many commemorative events take place every year in Warsaw? 
What is one of the largest collections of art posters in the world? 
When is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located? 
What is the name of the mermaid? 
What is the name of Triton's daughters? 
Who was a famous artist born in Warsaw? 
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world? 
When did Kraków serve as the Polish capital city? 
What is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese? 
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language? 
What were the first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw? 
In what year did Warsaw become the seat of the General Sejm? 
When was Warsaw annexed to become the capital of South Prussia? 
What was Warsaw occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918? 
When was Warsaw defended until the end of the Second World War? 
When was the Red Army deep into Poland? 
When was the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign initiated? 
In what year did John Paul II visit his native country? 
What is the highest point on the left side of Warsaw? 
What is the specific axis of Warsaw that divides Warsaw into two parts? 
What is the pattern of the Vistula terraces asymmetrical? 
What was Warsaw razed to the ground during the Second World War by bombing raids and planned destruction? 
What is the most notable example of Gothic architecture in the city? 
What is one of the best examples of rococo architecture in Warsaw? 
What was the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture? 
How many places commemorate the heroic history of Warsaw? 
What is the oldest park in Praga? 
What is the flora of Warsaw considered very rich in? 
In what year did c. 1,300,000 people live in Warsaw? 
What percentage of Warsaw's inhabitants were Catholics, 35.7% Jews, 5% Greek orthodox Christians and 2.8% Protestants? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? 
What is the name of the town council in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the mayor of Warsaw? 
In what year did 304,016 companies be registered in Warsaw? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? 
What is the name of the FSO Car Factory? 
What is the capital and largest city of Poland? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 10th and 11th centuries? 
What was the name of the Norman dynasty? 
What is the French word Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant? 
What was the name of the Duchy of Normandy? 
What was the name of the Viking settlers that began arriving in the 880s? 
Who would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism and Gallo-Romance? 
When did the Normans adopt the feudal doctrines of the rest of France? 
When did the Normans enter the Mezzogiorno as warriors? 
Who received the county of Aversa in 1030? 
Who captured Sicily and Malta from the Saracens? 
What did the Normans combine with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to form a unique government? 
What was the name of the Normans who entered the Byzantine Empire? 
What was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general in the 1050s? 
How many families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration? 
What was Robert Guiscard's vassal? 
How many years after the First Crusade were the Normans under the command of Bohemond? 
What was the third attack of Byzantine state-of-affairs in 1185? 
What was the name of the Normans who were in contact with England from an early date? 
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge? 
In what year did Duke William II conquer England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings? 
What language became distinct from the Latin language during the Hundred Years' War? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 1169 invasion of Bannow Bay? 
Who was one of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror? 
What was the name of the Normans who came into Scotland? 
What was the name of the Norman Conquest of England? 
When did the Marches come under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons? 
When did the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality? 
Who was the de facto leader of the Crusade during the siege of Amalfi? 
What forces of the Third Crusade conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of Cyprus? 
In what year did Richard leave Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre? 
How many princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time? 
When was Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre? 
When was Cyprus sold to the Knights Templar? 
Who took the title of King of the Canary Islands? 
What was the customary law of Normandy developed between the 10th and 13th centuries? 
What is a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued? 
In what country did the period of Norman architecture succeed? 
In what century did the dukes begin a programme of church reform? 
What is the most famous work of Norman art? 
What type of artwork survives in Britain? 
What was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century? 
How many monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil? 
Who was Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla pursue in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship? 
Who was born into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan in 1856? 
Who was the fourth of five children? 
In what year did Tesla move to Karlovac to attend school at the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what year did Tesla return to his birthtown in Smiljan? 
In what year did Tesla evade being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army? 
In what year did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
In what year did Tesla leave Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school? 
When was Milutin Tesla returned to Gospi under police guard? 
In what year did Tesla's uncles put together enough money to help him leave Gospi? 
When did Tesla move to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás? 
In what year did Tesla start working for the Continental Edison Company? 
In what year was Tesla offered the task of redesigning Edison's direct current generators? 
What company did Tesla partner with in 1886? 
In what year did Tesla meet Alfred S. Brown, a Western Union superintendent, and New York attorney Charles F. Peck? 
What was one of the things Tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system at the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1888? 
What year did Tesla work in Pittsburgh to create an alternating current system to power the city's streetcars? 
What was Westinghouse's first AC system in 1886? 
Who won the bid to light the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago? 
In what year did Richard Dean Adams lead the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company? 
What was the name of the conglomerate General Electric in the mid 1890s? 
When did Tesla become a naturalized citizen of the United States? 
When did Tesla serve as vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
In what year did Tesla begin investigating what? 
What did Tesla mention in his notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon? 
When did Benjamin Lamme make great progress developing an efficient version of Tesla's induction motor? 
When did the New York Herald Tribune publish an article on Tesla? 
In what year did Tesla demonstrate a radio-controlled boat to the public? 
What was Tesla's lab located near Foote Ave. and Kiowa St? 
What was Tesla observing from lightning storms? 
How many volts of artificial lightning were produced? 
In what year did Tesla fault a power station generator? 
In what year did Tesla speak to reporter Julian Hawthorne? 
In what year did John Jacob Astor IV invest $100,000 for Tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system? 
What was Tesla's lab torn down in 1904? 
What did Tesla ask for to build a more powerful transmitter? 
In what year did Marconi send the letter S to Newfoundland? 
How many rpm bladeless turbines did Tesla demonstrate on his 50th birthday? 
Who invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator? 
In what year did Tesla create a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity? 
When was the Wardenclyffe Tower demolished? 
What was the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla biographers claim that Edison and Tesla were the original recipients of the $20,000 prize money? 
In what year did Tesla receive one of 38 possible bids? 
When did the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company begin paying Tesla $125 per month? 
In what year did Tesla announce a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance? 
In what year did Tesla leave the Hotel New Yorker to feed the pigeons? 
What did Tesla claim about a "teleforce" weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator? 
In what year did Tesla say that the death ray is not an experiment... I have built, demonstrated and used it? 
When did Tesla write a treatise about charged particle beam weapons? 
In what period did Tesla say that efforts had been made to steal the invention? 
Who died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943? 
Who ordered the Alien Property Custodian to seize Tesla's belongings? 
When did the mayor of New York read a eulogy written by Louis Adamic live over the WNYC radio? 
How many patents were obtained worldwide for Tesla's inventions? 
What restaurant did Tesla work every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later? 
When did Tesla walk between 8 to 10 miles per day? 
In what interview did Tesla say that he did not believe in telepathy? 
When did Tesla walk to the park to feed the pigeons? 
Who was Tesla 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighed 142 pounds from 1888 to 1926? 
What language did Tesla speak in his autobiography? 
What was Tesla's second year of study at Graz? 
What was Tesla's chastity helpful to his scientific abilities? 
Who was Tesla prone to seclude himself with his work? 
Who was a good friend of Tesla? 
When did Tesla fire a secretary because of her weight? 
What was Tesla's pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings? 
What was Tesla generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy? 
In what year did Tesla claim to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy? 
Who became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics? 
In what year did Tesla comment on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality? 
Who made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-World War I environment in a printed article? 
What did Tesla consider himself a "believer in the orthodox sense"? 
What was Tesla's article published in 1937? 
Who wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals? 
How many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web? 
What genre of science fiction has Tesla endured? 
Who put Tesla on its cover on Tesla's 75th birthday in 1931? 
What is a problem regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources? 
What is a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computability theory? 
What is the input string for a computational problem referred to as? 
What is the difference between a problem and an instance? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet? 
What is an example of a decision problem? 
What is a computational problem where a single output (of a total function) is expected for every input? 
What is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems? 
How much time does the best algorithm require to solve a computational problem? 
When the input size is n, the time taken can be expressed as a function of n? 
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine? 
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic Turing machine, which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions? 
How many types of Turing machines are used to define complex classes? 
What type of machine models have been proposed in the literature? 
What is a non-deterministic Turing machine allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once? 
What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
What are the most well-known complexity resources? 
What are the three different ways of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size? 
What algorithm solves the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input? 
What is the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem? 
What is the difference between the upper and lower bounds? 
What does a typical complexity class have? 
What is the language xx | x can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine? 
What can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm? 
What is the class of all decision problems? 
What is DTIME(n) contained in DTIME(n2)? 
What does the time hierarchy theorem tell us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME? 
How many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction? 
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction, which means that the reduction process takes polynomial time? 
What is hard for a complexity class? 
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm? 
The graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic? 
The integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer? 
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? 
What is the class containing the complement problems? 
What is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space? 
What are problems that can be solved in theory? 
What means intractability in practice is open to debate? 
What was the definition of Turing machines by Alan Turing in 1936? 
What paper did Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns write about computational complexity? 
What is John Myhill's definition of linear bounded automata? 
What do some proofs of complex theoretic theorems often assume? 
In what year did Manuel Blum develop an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms? 
What is a formal and ongoing role of teacher? 
What is a teacher's role? 
In some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling? 
What type of teaching may be carried out informally, within the family, or in the wider community? 
What does a teacher's professional duties extend beyond formal teaching? 
What are some bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers? 
What are the functions of the teacher's colleges? 
What is a teacher who teaches on an individual basis? 
What is a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills, knowledge and/or thinking skills? 
What is typically a course of study, lesson plan, or practical skill? 
What does pedagogy involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills? 
What is the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching? 
What is true in most of the United States as well? 
What has become a new trend amongst educational institutions? 
What was the most common form of school discipline in the history of education? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline in the world? 
How many US states have banned corporal punishment? 
What type of punishment is commonly used in schools in Asian, African and Caribbean countries? 
What is one of the most common punishments in schools in the United States, the UK, Ireland, Singapore? 
What is a modern example of school discipline in North America and Western Europe? 
What is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics? 
What is the stereotypical view of East Asian classrooms? 
Where are school class sizes typically 40 to 50 students? 
What does Sudbury model democratic schools claim that can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike? 
What can teachers affect how students perceive the course materials? 
What can lead to students who are more likely to be engaged, interested, energetic, and curious about learning the subject matter? 
What is a mechanism by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation? 
What are student motivation and attitudes towards school closely linked to? 
What are teachers that spend more time working directly with students perceived as supportive and effective teachers? 
What is the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching? 
How many students in the U.S. claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education? 
What was a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional? 
How many high-profile cases have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct in the United States? 
Who said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register? 
What can negatively impact teachers' mental and physical health, productivity, and students' performance? 
What percentage of UK teachers experienced occupational stress? 
What can be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers? 
What are many similarities and differences among teachers around the world? 
What is education in Australia primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories? 
What is a post-secondary degree required to become a qualified teacher? 
What is the name of the special university classes in Germany? 
What is the basic pay for a starting teacher in Ireland? 
Who is required to be registered with the Teaching Council? 
From 2006 has Garda vetting been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession? 
What was the salary for Nursery, Primary and Secondary School teachers in September 2007? 
How many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching? 
What salary year did unpromoted teachers earn from £20,427 for a Probationer? 
In what year did 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools use Welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction? 
Who can be registered members of trade unions in Wales? 
What is the average teacher salary for US teachers? 
What is a strong tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical Christian traditions? 
What is an office in the Aaronic priesthood? 
What is the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? 
In Tibetan Buddhism the teachers of Dharma are most commonly called a Lama in Tibet. 
Who was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation? 
Who taught that salvation and eternal life is not earned by good deeds? 
What was his translation of the Bible in the vernacular that made it more accessible? 
What was Martin Luther born to? 
In what year did he enter the University of Erfurt? 
What was Luther's father's wish? 
Who dedicated himself to the Augustinian order? 
In 1507 was von Staupitz ordained to the priesthood? 
Who was awarded a Doctor of Theology on 19 October 1512? 
When did Luther write to his bishop, Albert of Mainz, protest the sale of indulgences? 
Who claimed indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation? 
What was Tetzel's teaching on indulgences for the dead? 
What is the story of the posting on the door? 
Who translated the 95 Theses from Latin into German in January 1518? 
What year did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? 
When did Luther teach on the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians? 
What was Luther's teaching in 1525? 
When did Luther's rediscovery of "Christ and His salvation" become the foundation for the Reformation? 
What did Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg do not reply to Luther's letter? 
What was Pope Leo X used to reformers and heretics? 
In what year did the papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz adopt a more conciliatory approach? 
When did Luther appear as ordered before the Diet of Worms? 
Who was the assistant of the Archbishop of Trier? 
When did Luther raise his arm in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout? 
Who refused to recant his writings? 
What was the final draft of the Edict of Worms? 
What was Luther's disappearance during his return trip to Wittenberg planned? 
When did Luther write to Melanchthon on the same theme? 
In what year did Luther extend his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices? 
Who dealt with prophecy in 1521? 
In what year did Andreas Karlstadt embark on a radical programme of reform in Wittenberg? 
Who returned to Wittenberg on 6 March 1522? 
Who wrote to the elector: "Oh, what joy has Dr. Martin's return spread among us?" 
What did Luther next set about reversing or modifying the new church practices? 
Who helped instigate the German Peasants' War of 1524–25? 
What was Luther's response to the Twelve Articles? 
What did Luther justify his opposition to the rebels on three grounds? 
When did the Swabian League defeat the Swabian League at the Battle of Frankenhausen? 
What year did Martin Luther marry Katharina von Bora? 
Who did Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage? 
When did Luther and his wife move into a monastery? 
When did Luther find himself increasingly occupied in organising a new church? 
What did Luther do to avoid confusing or upsetting the people? 
In what year did Luther write a German Mass? 
Who introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the Electorate of Saxony? 
How did Luther devise the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of Christianity to the congregations? 
What is one of Luther's most personal works? 
What was Luther's Small Catechism used to help parents teach their children? 
What was Luther's German translation of the New Testament published in 1522? 
Who used the variant of German spoken at the Saxon chancellery? 
When did Luther's version become a popular and influential Bible translation? 
When did Luther write hymns such as "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott"? 
What was Luther's hymn often evoked by in his life and the unfolding Reformation? 
What is Luther's hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer? 
Who wrote "Ach Gott, vom Himmel sieh darein"? 
How many of Luther's hymns were included in early Lutheran hymnals? 
What did Johann Sebastian Bach include as chorales in his cantatas? 
When did Francis Blackburne argue that John Jortin misread the passages of Luther's Commentary on Genesis? 
In what year did Philip I convoke an assembly of German and Swiss theologians at the Marburg Colloquy? 
What is the meaning of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper? 
In what year did the Marburg Colloquy pave the way for the signing of the Augsburg Confession? 
In what year did Luther write that Jesus Christ was born a Jew? 
When was Suleiman the Magnificent besieging Vienna? 
In what year did Luther read a Latin translation of the Qur'an? 
What is Luther's second use of the law? 
What are the beginnings of the renewed life of Christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism? 
Who became involved in the bigamy of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse? 
What did Luther write about the Jews during his career? 
Who tried to help the Jews of Saxony in 1537? 
Who was the most widely read author of his generation? 
When did seven Protestant regional church confederations issue a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing Jews to wear the yellow badge? 
What is the heart of scholars' debate about Luther's influence? 
What did other scholars argue that, even if his views were merely anti-Judaic? 
When did Lutheran Church denominations repudiate Martin Luther's statements against the Jews? 
What was Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, and a cataract in one eye? 
What was Luther's poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments? 
What was Luther's last sermon delivered at Eisleben on 15 February 1546? 
What was Luther's final journey to Mansfeld? 
When did the negotiations begin? 
When did an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech? 
What was Luther's last statement? 
What were printed images of Luther that emphasized his monumental size crucial to the spread of Protestantism? 
What is Southern California a geographic and cultural region? 
What is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States? 
What is Southern California's population? 
Where is the Colorado Desert and the Colorado River at the border with Arizona? 
What is Los Angeles the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States? 
Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside are the five most populous counties in the state? 
What is the name associated with the motion picture, television, and music industry? 
What is Southern California's home grown surf and skateboard culture? 
How many locals and tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches? 
What is the name of California's north-south midway point? 
What was the name of the northern boundary of southern California? 
In what year did the Los Angeles Times define southern California as? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States? 
What is the main gap to continued urbanization? 
What is a Mediterranean climate in Southern California? 
What is one of the more varied collections of geologic, topographic, and natural ecosystem landscapes in Southern California? 
How many earthquakes are observed in the southern California area each year? 
What can produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake? 
What is Southern California divided culturally, politically, and economically into distinctive regions? 
What is Southern California's Combined Statistical Area? 
What are the two largest cities in all of California? 
What is the largest economy in the United States? 
What have been major industries since the 1920s? 
What are the major business districts in Southern California? 
What are the major business districts of Downtown Burbank, Downtown Santa Monica, Downtown Glendale and Downtown Long Beach? 
What are the business districts of San Bernardino-Riverside? 
What is Orange County a rapidly developing business center that includes Downtown Santa Ana, the South Coast Metro and Newport Center districts? 
What is the central business district of San Diego? 
How many lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles? 
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located? 
What is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base? 
What is the name of the professional sports teams in Southern California? 
What was the name of the two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? 
What are the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans both field teams in the NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference? 
What is a growing sport in southern California? 
What was BSkyB's largest digital subscription television company? 
What did the European Commission consider the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition and the consumer? 
What was BSkyB excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium? 
What did BSkyB initially charge for using a Sky+ PVR? 
What is the name of the videoGuard pay-TV scrambling system owned by BSkyB? 
When did Virgin Media and BSkyB become involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV? 
What was the idea of converting BSkyB's business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept? 
What is the name of the British telecommunications company that serves the United Kingdom? 
What is the Sky Q range of products and services to be available in 2016? 
What is BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in? 
When was Sky Digital launched? 
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service? 
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? 
What is a universal Ku band LNB which is fitted at the end of the dish? 
What year did ITV hold talks for the broadcast rights for the Premier League? 
Who has no veto over the presence of channels on BSkyB's EPG? 
What was BSkyB's digital service officially launched on 1 October 1998? 
When did Virgin Media start to offer a high-definition television (HDTV) capable set top box? 
In what year did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service become available in 10 million homes? 
How much does the new deal include for the channels? 
What is Victoria's total gross state product ranked second in Australia? 
How many Chinese miners worked in Victoria? 
In what year did the Victorian Legislative Council elections be held under a new multi-member proportional representation system? 
About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian? 
What is Victoria in the south-east of Australia? 
In what year did Great Britain claim the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east? 
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain? 
What constitution was enacted by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1975? 
What are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts? 
What is the name of the public schools in Victoria? 
What is the name of the major car brands Ford, Toyota and Holden? 
How many topographically, geologically and climatically diverse areas are found in Victoria? 
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria? 
How many private and public railway operators operate on government-owned lines in Victoria? 
How many seats in the Australian House of Representatives are in the Australian House of Representatives? 
What was the name of the first Victorian Legislative Council issued on 1 July 1851? 
How many public schools did Victoria have as of August 2010? 
What is the centre of dairy farming in Australia? 
What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines built in mountainous areas? 
What was the name of the colony of New South Wales? 
What was the name of the rebellion against the government of Victoria in 1854? 
Who is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly? 
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04? 
What do major events play a big part in Victoria's tourism? 
When did the Huguenots peaked near an estimated two million? 
What was the name Huguenot used in derision? 
What was important to the spread of the Protestant movement and development of the Reformed church in France? 
What was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope? 
In what year did the Huguenots settle in New France? 
What was the name of the first Huguenot church in North America? 
What was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic? 
How many Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century? 
What was the height of the persecution of the Huguenots? 
By 1620 the Huguenots were on the defensive, and the government increasingly applied pressure? 
How many Protestants in modern France represent 2% of its population? 
What is the oldest street in the United States of America? 
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees in the Dutch Republic after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes? 
Who was the gate of King Hugo haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet? 
What was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830? 
How many Huguenots were exodus from France created a brain drain? 
What was the pattern of warfare followed by brief periods of peace? 
What did the revocation forbade Protestant services? 
Who was the first Huguenots to leave France? 
What do many of the farms in South Africa still bear French names? 
Who signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina? 
What was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time? 
In what year did the Huguenots create two new neighbourhoods? 
When did Huguenots flee to surrounding Protestant countries? 
In what year did a group of Norman Huguenots establish the small colony of Fort Caroline? 
When did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to the colony of Virginia? 
How many Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch against Spain during the first years of the Dutch Revolt? 
How many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th and early 18th centuries? 
In what year did Prince Louis de Condé establish a Huguenot community? 
How many Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations? 
What was the name of the pro-reform and Gallican Roman Catholics? 
What was the Massacre of 24 August – 3 October 1572? 
When did Louis XIV gain the throne? 
What was the name of the Huguenots in New York? 
What was the name of the Huguenot congregations in North America? 
What was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands? 
What was the French Protestant Church of London established by Royal Charter in 1550? 
When did Huguenot refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms? 
When is the working fluid separate from the combustion products? 
What was the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive built by Richard Trevithick? 
How many steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water? 
What is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages to increase efficiency? 
In what year did patent valve gears have a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve riding on the back of the main slide valve? 
What can lead fusible plugs be present in the boiler's firebox? 
In what year did James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion? 
What was the first recorded rudimentary steam engine described by Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria? 
When did compound engines come into widespread use? 
What was the final major evolution of the steam engine design? 
What is the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? 
How are the pistons connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other? 
When does the steam reverse its direction of flow at each stroke (counterflow), entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port? 
What is the aim of the uniflow engine? 
What is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine that does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder? 
What is the working fluid in a Rankine cycle? 
What is the temperature range the Rankine cycle can operate over? 
How many steam engines were the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution? 
When did Trevithick begin his experiments using a trio of locomotives? 
In what year was Arthur Woolf invented a method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling? 
How much of the world's electric production was by steam turbines in the 1990s? 
What is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine? 
What was the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency? 
When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century? 
What was the first commercial steam-powered device developed by Thomas Savery? 
In what year did Richard Trevithick and Oliver Evans introduce engines using high-pressure steam? 
What is the reciprocating steam engine no longer in widespread commercial use? 
Where does steam turbines use surface condensers as a cold sink? 
When was the centrifugal governor adopted for use on a steam engine? 
What was common for industrial units, for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880? 
What are the simplest valve gears that give events of fixed length during the engine cycle? 
In what year did Thomas Savery obtain the first patent for a steam engine? 
What type of rotors are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine with a separate condenser? 
What do steam engines often possess for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? 
What was the Corliss steam engine patented in 1849? 
How did the steam engine contribute to the development of thermodynamic theory? 
What is one of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over others? 
What can be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox? 
What was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine? 
How many nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator? 
When is the Rankine cycle referred to as a practical Carnot cycle? 
What are the major inorganic compounds in living organisms? 
In what century did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for combustion? 
When did Joseph Priestley study mercuric oxide in a glass tube? 
Who conducted one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air? 
What is the oxidant, not the fuel, but the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion? 
What is a fuel used to store and transmit gaseous and liquid oxygen? 
What was thought to be made mostly of phlogiston? 
How many oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other? 
What was the name of Oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1773 or earlier? 
What is dioxygen's double bond character and reactivity? 
What is a reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue? 
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study? 
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen? 
What is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe? 
When did scientists realize that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it? 
How many oxygen isotopes did planetary geologists measure in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites? 
What is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O 2 in which all electron spins are paired? 
What is Oxygen's spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at? 
What do O 2 molecules impart to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field? 
What are the dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms? 
What does the increased solubility of O 2 at lower temperatures have important implications for ocean life? 
What was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved about 3.5 billion years ago? 
What is the result of the oxygen cycle? 
What type of euphoric has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and, when needed, the medical staff? 
What is the essential purpose of respiration? 
When does oxygen form chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides? 
What do people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O 2 supplies? 
What type of storage methods are used for high pressure oxygen tanks, cryogenics and chemical compounds? 
What is the most important class of organic compounds that contain oxygen? 
What is the element found in almost all biomolecules that are important to (or generated by) life? 
What can toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system occur in deep scuba diving? 
In what space suits does Breathing pure O 2 cause no damage due to the low total pressures? 
What can be toxic at elevated partial pressures? 
What was the name of the oil crisis that began when the oil crisis began? 
What was the major impact of the crisis on international relations? 
On what date did the United States unilaterally pull out of the Bretton Woods Accord? 
When did OPEC slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? 
When did OPEC raise the posted price of oil to $5.11 a barrel? 
What did scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973? 
What had a negative influence on the US economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security? 
What member of the European Economic Community faced a complete embargo? 
What was the main factor in the change of government? 
What exacerbated the crisis in the US? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? 
In what year was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph imposed by the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act? 
What has led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? 
In what year did the U.S. consider military action to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields? 
What percentage of its imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970? 
What was the only sign of insecurity in the region? 
How many cylinder engines did Japanese imports have? 
What was the Toyota Hilux and the Datsun Truck introduced? 
What did General Motors, Ford and Chrysler introduce for domestic sales? 
What was the NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215? 
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position? 
What was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration? 
What was the Gemini program that supported Apollo from 1961 to 1972? 
What was the major setback of a 1967 Apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test? 
What was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body? 
What was the name of the Apollo program conceived during the Eisenhower administration? 
In what year did Hugh L. Dryden announce the Apollo program to industry representatives? 
In what year was John F. Kennedy elected president? 
Who was the first person to fly in space on April 12, 1961? 
When did Kennedy send a memo to Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson asking Johnson to look into the status of America's space program? 
What was the name of Robert R. Gilruth's Space Task Group? 
What was the name of the LOC's first Director? 
Who recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job? 
What was Mueller's first manned landing in July 1969? 
In what year was direct ascent generally the mission mode in favor of NASA? 
What did Jerome Wiesner do to Kennedy's science advisor before Kennedy took office? 
How did Wiesner make the disagreement public during a two-day visit to Marshall Space Flight Center? 
What was Maxime Faget's preliminary Apollo design? 
What was the conical crew cabin designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit? 
What was a service propulsion engine and an RCS with propellants? 
What was the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA? 
What was the Lunar Module designed to descend from lunar orbit? 
When did Wernher von Braun start working on the Apollo program? 
What was the first stage of the Saturn IB? 
What was the three-stage Saturn V designed to send a fully fueled CSM and LM to the Moon? 
Who was the first NASA scientist astronaut to fly in space? 
Who awarded all 32 of these astronauts the Distinguished Service Medal? 
When were two Block I CSMs launched on suborbital flights? 
What was the name of the first block II CSM and LM? 
Who became Director of Flight Crew Operations for the Gemini and Apollo programs? 
When was the AS-205 mission canceled? 
What was the cause of North American's problems? 
When did the plugs-out test begin? 
How many houses of Congress overseen an accident review board? 
What was the most important of the changes in the Block II spacecraft and operation procedures? 
In what year did Mueller approve a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing? 
What was the first unmanned flight of the Saturn V? 
What was the first unmanned test flight of LM in Earth orbit? 
When was Apollo 8 planned to be the D mission? 
What was the first landing at the Sea of Tranquility on July 20, 1969? 
How many Saturn Vs were enough for lunar landing missions through Apollo 20? 
When did Apollo 13 launch Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise? 
When was the first landing in 1969? 
What is the age of rocks collected from the Moon? 
What is never seen on Earth rocks due to the thick atmosphere? 
In what year did NASA hold a symposium on project costs? 
What was the most ambitious plan called for using an empty S-IVB as an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission? 
Who was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board? 
In what year did the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater? 
Who sent the first live televised pictures of the Earth and the Moon back to Earth? 
What was the name of the Apollo TV camera recorded? 
What was the budget for the surviving lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11? 
What is a body of treaties and legislation? 
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law? 
What are the primary constitutional sources of the EU's constitution? 
What is the primary law of the EU? 
What were the main Treaties that form the European Union? 
What was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union? 
Who was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament in 1999? 
What does the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
What is the second main legislative body of the EU? 
Who defines the "ordinary legislative procedure" that applies for most EU acts? 
What role has the judicial branch of the EU played in the development of EU law? 
What does the European Court of Justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems? 
What does the Court of Justice have? 
What is the constitutional law that binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law? 
What does the TFEU article 30 mean to the Dutch Customs Authorities? 
What do Directives do not give citizens standing to sue other citizens? 
What did the Italian government fail to implement in Pubblico Ministero v Ratti? 
What is the duty of national courts to interpret domestic law as far as possible in light of the wording and purpose of the directive? 
What are the principles of European Union law developed by the European Court of Justice? 
What principle of proportionality is recognised by the European Court of Justice since the 1950s? 
The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s? 
What was first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 60s? 
What was the only concern that member states should be prevented from violating human rights? 
What is the legal value of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union? 
What was the Social Charter adopted by 11 of the then 12 member states in 1989? 
In what year was the UK Labour Party elected to government? 
What was the name of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Germany? 
What does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit in Article 101(1)? 
In what year did the concept of a "social market economy" be introduced into EU law? 
What is the principle of non-discrimination achieved by a customs union? 
What did the Court of Justice consider to be contrary to TFEU article 34? 
What did the Treaties seek to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country? 
What are the main provisions of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation? 
What has increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? 
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect? 
What is the name of the rainforest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? 
When did the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction occur? 
What is believed to have split the drainage basin of the Amazon along the middle of the continent by the Purus Arch? 
How many tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year? 
How many people lived in the Amazon rainforest in AD 1500? 
Who was the first European to travel the length of the Amazon River? 
What is the name of the land that is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest? 
How many species of insect species are in Brazil? 
What is the highest biodiversity of plant species on Earth? 
What species can pose a hazard in the rainforest? 
What is the main source of deforestation in the Amazon? 
What is the mean annual deforestation rate in the Brazilian Amazon between 2000 and 2005? 
Who is concerned about the loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest? 
What is one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions? 
How many indigenous peoples continue to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories? 
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organize the trees of the Amazon into four categories? 
What year did parts of the Amazon basin experience the worst drought in one hundred years? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought? 
What is the name of a phylum of animals that live in marine waters? 
What do ctenophores have? 
What can a single animal produce both eggs and sperm at the same time? 
What is the name of the ctenophore that has been introduced into the Black Sea? 
What are fossils thought to represent ctenophores? 
What is an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges? 
What is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and cnidarians? 
What are ctenophores the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? 
What type of species do ctenophores have? 
How many comb rows do ctenophores swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing? 
What do some species rely on to adapt to water of different densities? 
What is the main component of the aboral organ? 
Which species of cydippids have bodies that are more or less rounded? 
What are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with? 
What are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end? 
What are the lobes of the Lobata? 
How many comb-rows do lobates have? 
What is the name of the Beroida? 
What is the name of the Cestida? 
What are most Platyctenids that have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction? 
How many species of the genus Ocryopsis are hermaphrodites? 
In what genus Beroe the juveniles lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths? 
What is the name of the ctenophores that is part of the ctenophores? 
What was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals? 
What type of ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten? 
What is Stromatoveris from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte? 
What is the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores? 
What is the county seat of Fresno County? 
When did the Central Pacific Railroad establish a station near Easterby's? 
What was Fresno's population before World War II? 
In what year did BankAmericard launch a new product called BankAmericard in Fresno? 
Who wrote "Walking Into Fresno" in the 1970s? 
What is Fresno's largest public park? 
Between the 1880s and World War II, what was Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings? 
What is the name of the neighborhood on Fresno's far southeast side? 
What area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline in the late 1960s and 1970s? 
What is the center of Fresno's LGBT and hipster Communities? 
What is the name of Fresno's early twentieth century homes? 
What was the name of the historic Alta Vista Tract? 
What is the name of the "West Side" of Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after? 
How many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before? 
What was the name of Woodward Park in the north eastern part of Fresno? 
What was the first aviation community to be built in 1946? 
What is Fresno's semi-arid climate? 
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno? 
What was the population density of Fresno in 2010? 
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? 
What was the population density of the city as of the census of 2000? 
What is the name of the first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? 
What is Amtrak San Joaquins' main passenger rail station? 
Who developed the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching in the late 1950s? 
What is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session? 
What type of communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes? 
When did Baran develop the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching? 
Who developed the same message routing methodology as Baran? 
What is a connection identifier rather than address information? 
What does X.25 do at the network layer of the OSI Model? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational? 
What was AppleTalk's proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. in 1985? 
What was the name of the CYCLADES packet switching network? 
What was DECnet originally released in 1975 to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
In what year was a data network based on this voice-phone network designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers? 
What was the name of the 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities? 
What was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States? 
What was the name of the international data communications network Tymnet headquartered in San Jose? 
What were two types of X.25 networks initially implemented with an X.25 external interface? 
What was AUSTPAC's first public X.25 network? 
What was the name of the public switched data network operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom? 
What was the name of the computer science network that was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation? 
What is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities? 
In what year did the Very high-speed Backbone Network Service come on line? 
What is the name of the Black Death in Central Asia? 
What is enzootic in populations of fleas carried by rodents? 
In what year was Plague first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders? 
In what year did the disease spread to France, Spain, Portugal and England? 
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria in Egypt? 
When did Gasquet claim the Latin name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appear in modern times? 
What was the most authoritative account at the time of medical knowledge stagnated during the Middle Ages? 
What is the dominant explanation for the Black Death? 
Who wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893? 
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague? 
What were two previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves? 
Who did J. F. D. Shrewsbury first challenge the plague theory in 1970? 
What is an epidemiological account of the plague as important as an identification of symptoms? 
What did sceptics argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic? 
Who suggested the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax? 
What is the most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East during this time? 
What year was the plague present somewhere in Europe between 1346 and 1671? 
Who proposes a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300? 
In what century was the plague present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time? 
Who was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850? 
What is an important concept in geology that illustrates the relationships between these three types of rock? 
What was the most important discovery in the 1960s? 
What did plate tectonics provide for many observations of the solid Earth? 
How can seismologists use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the Earth? 
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale? 
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? 
What did geologists use to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events at the beginning of the 20th century? 
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten and become thicker than muds? 
What is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning? 
What happens during the addition of new rock units? 
What are the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States and the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States? 
What methods do geologists use to decipher Earth history and understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth? 
What are the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory? 
How do structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks? 
What are some of the most well-known experiments in structural geology? 
In what laboratory do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? 
In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first geological map of the U.S. produced in 1809? 
How did Sir Charles Lyell first publish his famous book Principles of Geology? 
What is Newcastle upon Tyne? 
What was the name of the city named after in 1080? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? 
What was Newcastle's northern fortress during the Middle Ages? 
When was a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from Tyneside to Newcastle Quayside? 
What was the name of the close-knit community of keelmen in the Sandgate area? 
In what year did the North declare for the King? 
In what century did shipbuilding and heavy engineering be central to the city's prosperity? 
In what part does Newcastle retain a medieval street layout? 
What was the name of Newcastle's neoclassical centre? 
What is the Town Moor located in Newcastle? 
What was the Gateshead Millennium Bridge commissioned by Gateshead Council? 
Who built the Grainger Town area between 1835 and 1842? 
What was the name of the Grainger Market? 
What is the climate in Newcastle? 
In what year was Newcastle positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the UK? 
What is the largest Tesco store in the United Kingdom located in? 
What was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on Tyneside were growing most rapidly? 
What was the proportion of detached homes in the 2010 census? 
What is Newcastle's population according to the Office for National Statistics? 
What is the average age of people living in Newcastle? 
What is the name of the dialect of Newcastle? 
What are examples of Geordie words with origins in Scandinavia? 
What was Newcastle named as the noisiest city in the whole of the UK? 
What is the name of the 'Diamond Strip'? 
How many years did Stephen Kemble manage the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle? 
Who designed the Theatre Royal on Grey Street in 1837? 
What is the largest independent library outside London? 
In what year does the Newcastle Beer Festival take place? 
What is the largest travelling fair in Europe? 
What is Newcastle Mela held on the late August bank holiday weekend? 
What song was covered by Geordie ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne in 1990? 
What was the Pilgrim Street building refurbished between November 2006 and May 2008? 
What is the Centre for Life with its Science Village? 
What movie is the earliest known to feature some exterior scenes filmed in Newcastle? 
Who is the most successful team in the British Basketball League? 
What is Newcastle International Airport located in the northern outskirts of the city? 
How many Grade One listed railway stations in the UK were built in 2014? 
How many hours does Virgin Trains East Coast train to London King's Cross? 
What is Newcastle's first urban light rail transit system? 
What is the name of the programme 'Metro: All Change'? 
What is the name of the new line of the A1? 
What are the main bus companies in Newcastle? 
In what year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy? 
When did the Danish DFDS Seaways run a service to IJmuiden? 
What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle? 
Who was the University of Newcastle upon Tyne established in 1834? 
Who designed the Roman Catholic St. Mary's? 
What was the last addition to the Parish Church of St Andrew? 
When was ITV Tyne Tees based? 
What is the first full-time community radio station in Newcastle? 
Who was the leading British composer of concertos in the 18th century? 
Who were the former pupils of Rutherford Grammar School? 
What is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design? 
Who owns the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture? 
What was Henry Cole's first director of the V&A? 
What was the official opening by Queen Victoria on 22 June 1857? 
How many visitors attended the Britain Can Make It exhibition between September and November 1946? 
In what year did the V&A become the first museum in Britain to present a rock concert? 
What is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in Scotland? 
What was the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum? 
What was an ambitious scheme of decoration developed for the new areas of the museum? 
What was the work of Philip Webb and William Morris? 
Who was the next architect to work at the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke? 
What was the final embellishment used to decorate the east side of the building? 
What is the main façade of the Cromwell Gardens? 
What is the main arch of Prince Albert sculpted by Alfred Drury? 
What was the first major work in the 1950s and early 1960s? 
What was the main silverware gallery redesigned in the 1990s? 
When was the John Madejski Garden opened? 
In what year did the V&A open the first permanent gallery in the UK? 
What are all the major British architects of the last four hundred years represented in the collection? 
What is a rare survivor of the Great Fire of London? 
What is the centrepiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art? 
How many works of art are displayed in the Far Eastern collections? 
Who opened the Toshiba gallery of Japanese art in 1986? 
What are the smaller galleries covering Korea, the Himalayan kingdoms and South East Asia? 
What is one of Leonardo da Vinci's note books? 
What is the name of the manuscripts in the library dating from 12th to 16th centuries? 
What was the name of the National Art Library used to be kept in different formats? 
How many images were taken during the first year of the Factory Project? 
What is the work of British artists and craftspeople on display? 
In what period was design influenced by the spread of printed books and the work of European artists and craftsmen employed in Britain? 
What is one of the most dramatic parts of the museum? 
What was the first factory in Europe to discover the Chinese method of making porcelain? 
How many famous potters are represented in the collection? 
What is the oldest glassware on display in the glass collection? 
What was the main gallery redesigned in 1994? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain? 
In what year did Costiff acquire the Costiff collection of 178 Vivienne Westwood costumes? 
What was the collection of Italian and French Renaissance objects acquired between 1859 and 1865? 
What is one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection? 
What is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world? 
What percentage of the collection is divided into secular and sacred? 
What is one of the rarest items in the Gloucester Candlestick collection? 
Who closed the Musical Instruments gallery on 25 February 2010, a decision which was highly controversial? 
How many British and European oil paintings are included in the collection? 
In what year did John Sheepshanks donate 233 paintings, mainly by contemporary British artists? 
What were the paintings and miniatures that formed part of the Jones bequest of 1882? 
What is one of the most unusual collections of photographs of Animal Locomotion of 1887? 
What is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical European sculpture in the world? 
What is the collection of Italian, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical sculpture unqualled outside of Italy? 
Who is represented by more than 20 works in Rodin's museum collection? 
What are the sculptors who were based in Britain? 
When was the Dorothy and Michael Hintze sculpture galleries opened? 
What is the largest collection of textiles in the world? 
What is the Cloth of St Gereon? 
What is one of the earliest examples of European quilting? 
What is the name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries? 
What is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections? 
What was the name of the NBC Blue Network that was purchased by Edward J. Noble? 
How many owned-and-operated television stations are in the United States and its territories? 
What was the name of the Columbia Broadcasting System in the 1930s? 
In what year did Mutual file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations? 
When did Mutual's appeals against the FCC were rejected? 
Who purchased Life Savers candy for $8 million? 
What was the name of the network that aired symphony performances? 
What was the second period of international expansion linked to in the 1990s? 
What was Leonard Goldenson's first attempt to internationalize the ABC television network? 
Who owns the television rights to most of the Peanuts specials since 2000? 
When did ABC aire Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve on New Year's Eve? 
What is the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history? 
What did ABC find difficult to avoid falling behind on the new medium of television? 
In what year did ABC find itself in the position of an outsider? 
When was United Paramount Theatres forced to become an independent entity? 
Who approached UPT in 1951 on a proposal for UPT to purchase ABC? 
When did the FCC announce the end of its freeze on new station license applications? 
The Flintstones was another example of counterprogramming in the 1960s? 
In what year did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park? 
In what year did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused on its circle logo? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? 
In what year did ID sequences appear in a gold CGI design? 
What was the first ABC identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance? 
In what year did Paul Rand redesigned the ABC logo into its best-known (and current) form? 
When did rumors circulate that Disney-ABC was considering a sale of ABC Radio? 
In what year did ABC's average viewership drop by ten ratings points? 
Who approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002? 
When did Time Warner Cable remove ABC owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider's systems? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is a game show based on the British program of the same title? 
When did The Walt Disney Company announce an agreement to merge with Capital Cities/ABC? 
What was the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks? 
When did ABC's New York City flagship stations change their callsigns to WABC, WABC-FM and WABC-TV? 
In what year did Noble appointed Robert Kintner to be ABC's president? 
When did Goldenson try to help grow ABC? 
What was the most iconic of ABC's relationships with Hollywood producers? 
In what year did ABC Radio launch a special programming project for its FM stations? 
In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week? 
In what year did ABC complete its transition to color? 
What was ABC's first game of the week until 2006? 
In what year did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did Congress pass the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act? 
Who became ABC's program development manager in the early 1970s? 
In what year did ABC premiere the detective series S.W.A.T? 
What series did Kung Fu play in the 1970s? 
What was Roots' first miniseries? 
In what year did ABC News become president of the new ABC News? 
In what year did Arledge create the newsmagazine 20/20? 
What was ABC's plan to launch in 1995? 
In what year did Disney-ABC Television Group merged ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios into a new division? 
What year did the sixth and final season of Lost become the drama's lowest-rated season? 
When did the FCC impose its fin-syn rules? 
What is the name of the Selznick library? 
What is the largest U.S. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates? 
In what year did the ABC-UPT merger begin? 
What was the only remaining program on the network's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition? 
What is the native resolution format for ABC's U.S. television properties? 
What did ABC's dramas continue to fail during the 2010–11 season? 
Who canceled All My Children and One Life to Live after 41 and 43 years on the air? 
What was a slight improvement for ABC in the 2013-14 season? 
What was the name of the two family sitcoms that anchored the network's revamped Wednesday comedy lineup? 
Who took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC in February 1994? 
In what year did the FCC repeal the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did ABC continue on the same path that it began to take? 
Who created Wide World of Sports in 1961? 
In what year was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s? 
In what year did ABC sell KXYZ to the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy delegate his position as president to Daniel B. Burke? 
What is ABC News programming provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays? 
What are the only U.S. states where ABC does not have a locally licensed affiliate? 
What are ABC's own facilities and studios? 
Who owns the Times Square Studios at 1500 Broadway on land in Times Square owned by a development fund for the 42nd Street Project? 
What is the name of the traditional VOD service that is carried on most traditional cable and IPTV providers? 
What was a revised version of the ABC logo introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season? 
When did all U.S. networks regain control of their programming? 
What was a notable exception in Youngstown, Ohio? 
When was the Disneyland anthology series renamed? 
What was ABC's first television series to be broadcast in color on the network? 
What year did Goldenson announce a merger proposal with ITT to ABC management? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy contact Leonard Goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies? 
Who was the president of ABC's broadcasting division? 
How many of ABC's marquee shows ended their runs during the mid-1980s? 
What series did ABC revamp its Friday night schedule in the late 1980s? 
In what year did ABC take advantage of new FCC ownership regulations? 
When did the ABC network become a serious contender to NBC and CBS? 
What did Goldenson give ABC a continuum between film and television? 
In what year did ABC launch "WATCH ABC," a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services? 
Who owns or provides services to 28 ABC affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates? 
When did ABC begin to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season? 
What is the difference between WFTS-TV and WWSB? 
Who came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor before Genghis Khan's death? 
Who was Temüjin born in 1162? 
Who had three brothers named Hasar, Hachiun, and Temüge? 
How many years did Hoelun and her children live in poverty? 
In what year did Temüjin escape from the ger? 
When did none of the tribal confederations of Mongolia were united politically? 
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? 
What was Temüjin's father's name? 
When did Jamukha and Temüjin drift apart in their friendship? 
What did Temüjin promise to civilians and soldiers wealth from future war spoils? 
What was the next direct threat to Temüjin? 
What did Temüjin say he did not want to be disloyal men in his army? 
What is Genghis Khan's life marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies? 
When did Genghis Khan plan again to conquer the Jin dynasty? 
What was the name of the khanate of Qara Khitai? 
What force did the invading Mongols use to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among Kuchlug's supporters? 
Who led the first division into the northeast of Khwarezmia? 
What faction split the Shah's army into small groups concentrated in various cities? 
What did Genghis Khan order to destroy the remnants of the Khwarezmid Empire? 
Who attacked Samarkand using captured enemies as body shields? 
What was the city of Bukhara not heavily fortified? 
When did Genghis Khan defeat the Khwarezmian Empire? 
Who recalled Subutai back to Mongolia? 
In what year did Genghis Khan begin a retaliatory attack on the Tanguts? 
In what year did Genghis Khan's army attack and destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor? 
Who was Genghis Khan aware of the friction between his sons? 
What was Jochi's father's death in 1226? 
Who died during the fall of Yinchuan in August 1227? 
On what date was a joint archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be Genghis Khan's palace in rural Mongolia? 
What was the name of the Yassa created by Genghis Khan? 
What were tax exemptions for religious figures? 
Who attempted to create a civil state under the Great Yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals, including women? 
Who was captured by the Mongol army after the Jin dynasty was defeated? 
Who put absolute trust in his generals? 
What was the standard tactic of the Mongol military? 
What was Genghis Khan's death in 1227? 
What is Genghis Khan credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment? 
In what year did Genghis Khan become one of the central figures of the Mongolian national identity? 
What is Genghis Khan's name and likeness endorsed on products, streets, buildings, and other places? 
Who is Genghis Khan regarded as one of the prominent leaders in Mongolia's history? 
What is the population of Genghis Khan in the People's Republic of China? 
What is Genghis Khan almost universally condemned in the Middle East? 
How many people were killed in the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir among others? 
Who were the famous Mughal emperors proud descendants of Genghis Khan and particularly Timur? 
What is a palatalised version of the Mongolian and Turkic word tenggis? 
What is Genghis Khan spelled in different ways in different languages? 
What is the Greek word pharma derived from? 
What do pharmacists do to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines? 
What is a pharmacy technician in the UK considered a health care professional? 
In what century was Diocles of Carystus one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants? 
What were the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists in Japan? 
What was the name of Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi? 
What is the name of the medieval Esteve Pharmacy located in Llvia? 
In what country is the dispensary subject to pharmacy legislation? 
What type of medication can be found within the premises of the hospital? 
What do pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimize the use of medication? 
What is the role of the clinical pharmacist? 
What is the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam? 
What focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? 
How many Internet pharmacies have been established in the United States since 2000? 
What are some Internet pharmacies selling prescription drugs without requiring a prescription? 
What is a particular concern with Internet pharmacies? 
What is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science? 
What is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry in 2013? 
What are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? 
What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy? 
In what decade are pharmacists expected to become more integral within the health care system? 
In what country do pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government for conducting comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews? 
What are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries? 
What is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease? 
How many defense mechanisms have evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens? 
What can result in autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? 
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system? 
When does the immune system protect organisms from infection? 
What is the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules? 
What do microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system? 
What is the first line of defense against infection? 
What are the -defensins? 
What do commensal flora serve as biological barriers in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts? 
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection? 
What are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens? 
What is the second arm of the innate immune system? 
What are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment? 
What is a component of the innate immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes? 
What is the adaptive immune system that evolved in early vertebrates? 
What is the name of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule? 
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses? 
What is the T cell's CD4 co-receptor that recognizes antigen bound to? 
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells have? 
When does a B cell identifie pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen? 
When are B cells and T cells activated? 
What type of antibody is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta? 
What are female sex hormones known as? 
What effect may active immunizations have when suffering from sleep deprivation? 
What is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partly responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals? 
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? 
What is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent? 
How many T cells and antibodies react with "self" peptides? 
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries? 
What is the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed? 
What method allows pathogens to successfully infect a host while evading detection or destruction by the immune system? 
In what year did Frank Burnet form the clonal selection theory of immunity? 
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs used to control the effects of inflammation? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells and CTLs? 
What are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens? 
How many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist in jawed vertebrates? 
How many vertebrates did a multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose with? 
How many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time? 
What do some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers? 
What is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues? 
What is an evasion strategy used by pathogens to avoid the innate immune system? 
What is the simplest approach to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
What is a third possible source of tumor antigens? 
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response, particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly, or in larger doses? 
What does sleep and the intertwined circadian system have on immunological functions? 
What was one of Egypt's earliest massive implementations brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution? 
What is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience depicted in Sophocles' play Antigone? 
When did Percy Shelley write the political poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official? 
What does LeGrande say is difficult, if not impossible? 
What is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws? 
What is the final judge of right and wrong? 
What do some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities? 
What does Black's Law Dictionary include in its definition of civil disobedience? 
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience mean? 
What did the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience take place during the Roman Empire? 
What is the name of a civil disobedience? 
Who was arrested for sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors stating, "Wise up or die"? 
What do some forms of civil disobedience make it harder for a system to function? 
What do civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers? 
What is an important decision for civil disobedients? 
When did the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsor a protest? 
How many times do protesters choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice? 
What did some civil disobedience defendants choose to make in allocution? 
What is one theory that disobedience may be helpful? 
What type of civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not, itself, the object of protest? 
What is a major goal of criminal punishment? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? 
What type of work requires collaboration across multiple disciplines? 
What are the three sectors of construction in general? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings? 
What is the cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses? 
What are the new techniques of building construction being researched? 
What type of design team is most commonly employed by the property owner? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties? 
What happens when builders ask for too little money to complete the project? 
What does a project that fails to adhere to codes do not benefit the owner? 
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations? 
What are new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting? 
What is the most common method of construction procurement? 
What is the name of a project that the owner produces? 
Before the foundation can be dug, what are contractors typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked? 
What is the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees in the United States in 2014? 
What is the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East? 
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world? 
What is the name of private schools? 
What is the term used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries? 
What is the term for the secondary level? 
What is a subcategory of private schools? 
What is the social status of the 'old school tie' in Australia? 
What are some of the best known independent schools? 
What is the right to create private schools in Germany? 
What are ordinary primary or secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or religious groups? 
What are the secondary or post-secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or rarely, religious groups? 
What is an aided or unaided school in India? 
How many non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in India? 
What is the average fee in Ireland for most private schools? 
How many schools were assimilated into the National School system after Malaysia's independence? 
What is the other category of schools? 
How many private schools in New Zealand are in decline since the mid-1970s? 
What is King's College and Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland? 
What percentage of primary enrollment is the private sector in the Philippines? 
What scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools? 
What were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? 
In what year did white government schools have the option to convert to a "semi-private" form? 
What percentage of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008? 
Who prefers to be called independent schools because of their freedom to operate outside of government and local government control? 
In what case did Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka decide to desegregate United States schools with all deliberate speed? 
What is generally provided for private schools through student tuition, endowments, scholarship/voucher funds? 
What was the beginning of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? 
When did quality private schools in the United States charge substantial tuition? 
What is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States? 
What is a large, highly residential research university? 
What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution in Boston? 
What was the name of the college at New Towne? 
How many Puritan ministers were trained in the early years of the College? 
When did the Hollis Professor of Divinity die? 
In what year did the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz be acclaimed? 
What was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education? 
What was James Bryant Conant's first president? 
How many men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe? 
What is the main campus of Harvard's 209-acre main campus? 
How many of the university's athletics facilities are located on a campus opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston? 
How many tracts of land has Harvard purchased in Allston? 
How many professors, lecturers, and instructors do Harvard's 2,400 professors instruct? 
What was the largest university endowment in the world? 
In what year did the South African movement divest? 
What is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation as "more selective, lower transfer-in"? 
What does the four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasize? 
How many half-courses do Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar? 
What was the total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year? 
What is the largest academic library in the United States? 
How many arts, cultural, and scientific museums are located in the Harvard Art Museums? 
How many university rankings have Harvard consistently ranked? 
Who competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Ivy League? 
What year did Harvard's football team win the Rose Bowl? 
What is the name of the Malkin Athletic Center known as? 
What was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon? 
Who is the Civil rights leader? 
Who is the biologist at Harvard? 
What is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida? 
What is Jacksonville in the First Coast region of northeast Florida? 
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port since the late 19th century? 
In what year did a University of North Florida team discover some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River? 
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British? 
When was Jacksonville a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause? 
When did Jacksonville and St. Augustine become popular winter resorts for the rich and famous? 
What was the name of the first multi-story building built by Klutho? 
What was the name of the "Winter Film Capital of the World" in the 1910s? 
What did the construction of highways lead residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
How much of the city's tax base dissipated? 
In what years did corruption scandals arise among the city's officials? 
When a consolidation referendum was held in 1967, who approved the consolidation referendum? 
What is the total area of Jacksonville? 
What is the tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline? 
What is a humid subtropical climate in Jacksonville? 
What is the average monthly temperature in January to 82 F in July? 
What was the strongest effect on Jacksonville from Hurricane Dora in 1964? 
What is the twelfth most populous city in the United States? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living with them? 
In what year did the richest 1% of adults own 40% of global assets? 
What do capitalist firms use to substitute capital equipment for labor inputs? 
What is a purely capitalist mode of production? 
What does a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time will result in a low wage for that job? 
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level? 
What is the difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation? 
What factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education? 
In what year did the mass high school education movement decrease? 
What does John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to as one of the causes of economic inequality? 
Who estimates that trade liberalization has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States? 
What is a Gender pay gap in many countries in favor of males in the labor market? 
What economist argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development? 
What was the Kuznets curve? 
What is a process by which newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities? 
What does Joseph Stiglitz argue that market forces should serve as a brake on concentrations of wealth and income? 
What are higher rates of health and social problems? 
Which Nobel Prize winner said rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem? 
Who found higher rates of health and social problems in countries and states with higher inequality? 
How many years did Americans live in the USA? 
What is the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries? 
What has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society? 
What is the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number? 
What do Conservative researchers argue that income inequality is not significant because consumption should be the measure of inequality? 
What has created deep financial 'fault lines' that have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past? 
What is correlated with the duration of economic growth spells? 
What economists say increasing inequality harms economic growth? 
Who presented evidence that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand? 
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis that states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? 
What were some theories developed in the 1970s? 
What role can economic growth play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals? 
How much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system in many poor and developing countries? 
How many researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality? 
What are the costs of housing, pensions, education and health care shared by everyone? 
What is the difference between the economic inequality and environmental degradation? 
What is the vast disparities in wealth attribute to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners? 
Who argued that government redistributes wealth by force? 
What approach looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “capability deprivation”? 
How much income does an old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man? 
Who is a British science fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963? 
What was the first series of the 21st century produced by Russell T Davies? 
How many actors have headlined the series as the Doctor? 
What is the name of the Doctor who rarely travels alone? 
How many seasons did the BBC drama department produce the programme? 
Who worked for Columbia Pictures' tv arm in the United States? 
Who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series[note 2] and the 1996 telefilm? 
When did the phrase "Hiding behind (or 'watching from behind') the sofa enter British pop culture? 
What was the most violent of the drama programmes the BBC produced at the time? 
Who was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine? 
How many 45-minute, self-contained episodes did the 2005 revival change? 
How many Doctor Who instalments have been televised since 1963? 
How many episodes have been returned to the BBC from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast? 
What is the name of the BBC's "Official" reconstructions? 
Who introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character? 
What film would establish that a Time Lord can only regenerate 12 times for a total of 13 incarnations? 
In what year did William Hartnell return with Jon Pertwee? 
What was the name of the Eleventh Doctor in the 2013 episode of The Brain of Morbius? 
What is the name of the first serial of the programme? 
What is the main character of the show since the 2005 revival? 
When did Russell T Davies announce his intention to reintroduce classic icons of Doctor Who one step at a time? 
The Master is the Doctor's archenemy, a renegade Time Lord who wants to rule the universe? 
In what year did Derek Jacobi provide the character's re-introduction in the 2007 episode of "Utopia"? 
What was the original theme composed by Ron Grainer and realised by Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop? 
What was the name of the new arrangement of the theme introduced in the 2007 Christmas special episode? 
Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme in the early 1970s? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years? 
How many soundtrack releases have been released since 2005? 
What was the first episode of Doctor Who repeated the day after the assassination of John F. Kennedy? 
What year did the ITV network strike? 
How many episodes have ever had their premiere showings on other channels than BBC One? 
In what year did the Australian Broadcasting Corporation first run the Australian Broadcasting Corporation? 
When did TVOntario pick up the show? 
Who recorded a special video introduction for each episode of "The Christmas Invasion" on 26 December 2005? 
What is a wide selection of serials available from BBC Video on DVD in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States? 
Who played the Daleks in the 1970s? 
What was the success of the 2005 series produced by Russell T Davies? 
What was the Sarah Jane Adventures starring? 
When was Dimensions in Time produced for Children in Need? 
Who and the Curse of Fatal Death was made for Comic Relief in 1999? 
Who has also been referenced in popular culture and other science fiction? 
What was the earliest Doctor Who-related audio release? 
Who has released several different series of Doctor Who audios since 1999? 
How many Doctor Who books have been published from the mid-sixties to the present day? 
What was the name of the Doctor Who character created by BBC Television in the early 1960s? 
Who was the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor? 
Who was awarded an Institutional Peabody in 2013? 
Who won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial in 1975? 
What was the highest-profile and most prestigious British television award for which the series has ever been nominated? 
What is the name of the private research university in Chicago? 
What is the largest university press in the United States? 
When was the University of Chicago incorporated? 
Who created and incorporated the University of Chicago as a coeducational, secular institution in 1890? 
What was the name of the university affiliated with in the 1890s? 
In what year did Robert Maynard Hutchins take office? 
In what year did student applications decline? 
What was the name of the Kalven Report? 
In what year did the University of Chicago begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects? 
What were the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan? 
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District? 
Who oversees the long-term development and plans of the University of Chicago? 
What are the academic bodies of the University of Chicago? 
What is the College of the University of Chicago's Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees? 
What is the name of the core curriculum at the University of Chicago? 
What is the name of the university that runs the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools? 
What is the 11th most among library systems in the United States? 
What is the center for Near Eastern Studies owned and operated by the university? 
What is the nameake of the Chicago school of economics supported by Milton Friedman and other economists? 
What is the name of the UChicago Arts program? 
In what year did the University of Chicago enroll 5,792 students in the College? 
In what year did the Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III? 
What is the name of the University of Chicago's Recognized Student Organizations? 
What are all Recognized Student Organizations funded by The University of Chicago Student Government? 
What is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago? 
What year has the University of Chicago held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt? 
Who is the third richest man in America? 
Who was the founder of modern community organizing Saul Alinsky? 
Who is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall Lauren Oliver? 
Who is the minimalist composer in the arts and entertainment? 
Who is a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life? 
Who is a major advisor to Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
Who is the founder of McKinsey & Co.? 
What was the name of the Yuan dynasty? 
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty after the division of the Mongol Empire? 
In what year did Kublai Khan establish the Yuan dynasty? 
In what year did Genghis Khan join the Mongol and Turkic tribes of the steppes? 
How many Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin? 
Who lived in the Jin dynasty? 
When did Möngke Khan start a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty? 
When did Ogedei's grandson refuse to submit to Kublai? 
Who readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264? 
How did Kublai Khan promote commercial, scientific, and cultural growth? 
What was the name of the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou who fled to Qufu? 
What was the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin? 
What was Kublai's second invasion of Japan in 1281? 
In what year did the Duan dynasty be appointed as governors-general? 
Who was the first Yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream Chinese culture? 
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son and successor? 
When did Yesün Temür die in Shangdu? 
What was the name of the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature? 
Who was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan? 
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty marked by? 
In what year did the Red Turban Rebellion start and grew into a nationwide uprising? 
What was the major cultural achievements of the Yuan dynasty? 
When were Western musical instruments introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts? 
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time? 
Who helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year? 
What was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China? 
What was the name of the system of bureaucracy created by Kublai Khan? 
What did the Ministry of Justice do in the Yuan administration? 
What was the average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty? 
How many great artists and writers were famous in the Yuan era? 
What religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty? 
How did Zhu Shijie solve simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns? 
Who was divided into non-Mongol physicians called otachi and traditional Mongol shamans? 
What was the name of the Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan? 
Who was the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court in 1263? 
What technology was transferred to the Mongols through Kingdom of Qocho and Tibetan intermediaries? 
What was the name of the paper money of the Yuan? 
When did the Mongols import Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China? 
What did the Yuan Emperors restrict to Muslims? 
What was the reason for the order of the classes and why people were placed in a certain class? 
When did the Mongols place the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans? 
What part of the Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty? 
What is Kenya's capital and largest city? 
What is Kenya's warm and humid tropical climate on its Indian Ocean coastline? 
What region has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period? 
What is the name of the Republic of Kenya? 
What did Ludwig Krapf call Kenia and Kegnia believed to be a corruption of the Kamba version? 
What is the name of the "Big Five" game animals of Africa? 
How many years ago did primates roam the area? 
When did the Swahili build Mombasa into a major port city? 
In what century did the Kenyan Coast host many merchants and explorers? 
What was the name of the Protectorate? 
How many members of the Kikuyu people lived in the central highlands? 
How many Mau Mau supporters were killed by the Home Guard on 21 October 1956? 
What was the first direct elections for native Kenyans to the Legislative Council? 
What was the mlolongo system seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime? 
Who is the head of state and head of government in Kenya? 
Who ranks low on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki run for re-election against the Orange Democratic Movement? 
What was the executive director of TAABCO Research and Development Consultants in Nairobi? 
Who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in Parliament? 
What was a constitutional change considered that would eliminate the position of Prime Minister? 
In what year did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Laws Amendment Bill? 
What are the armed forces regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world? 
What have Kenya’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? 
What percentage of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day? 
What is East and Central Africa's biggest economy's biggest economy's growth in the service sector? 
What percentage of Kenya's GDP is dominated by tourism? 
What is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product? 
How many pigeon peas can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall? 
What is one of the most successful agricultural production regions in Africa? 
What is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes region? 
What Act has given Kenya a boost to manufacturing in recent years? 
What is the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply? 
What is Kenya's oil reserves estimated to be about 10 billion barrels? 
What was Kenya's largest source of foreign direct investment? 
In what year did the Kenyan government unveil Vision 2030? 
What are Kenya's two official languages used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations? 
What percentage of Kenyans are Christian? 
What percentage of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region? 
What percentage of the population visits dispensaries, health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas? 
How many Kenyans live below the poverty level? 
What was Kenya's first system of education introduced by British colonists? 
What was the current 8–4–4 system launched in January 1985? 
How many years does basic formal education start at the age of six? 
What percentage of the country's literacy level stands at? 
What is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in Nairobi? 
What is the name of Kenya's best-known athletes? 
How many medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics? 
Who has been a dominant force in women's volleyball in Africa in the past decade? 
How many years ago was Safari Rally a part of the World Rally Championship? 
What do Kenyans generally have three meals in a day? 
What is the main international treaty on climate change? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? 
What is the IPCC Panel composed of? 
What is the name of the IPCC Trust Fund established by the United Nations Environment Programme and the World Meteorological Organization? 
Who does the IPCC do not carry out research? 
How many authors are responsible for writing and editing the material? 
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change? 
In what year did the IPCC finalize two IPCC Special Reports? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? 
What was the name of the third assessment report? 
What was the MBH99 based graph featured in publicity? 
Who wrote joint letters to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce on 23 June 2005? 
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) published in 2007? 
What was the eve of the publication of the IPCC's major report on climate? 
What is another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the IPCC have actually understated them? 
What is Michael Oppenheimer's long-time participant in the IPCC? 
What is the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compared with dealing with other environmental challenges? 
Who compares the ozone depletion case to global warming? 
What does the IPCC operate on the basis of? 
How many climate scientists wrote in February 2010 in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report? 
What is chlorophyll's main role in photosynthesis? 
What is the name of the cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is one of many types of organelles in the plant cell? 
What are Cyanobacteria considered the ancestors of chloroplasts? 
How many years ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is the name of the chloroplasts that can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor? 
What is the name of the alga Cyanophora? 
What are the phycobilin pigments on the thylakoid membranes? 
What are the chloroplastidan chloroplasts? 
What is a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga? 
What type of chromalveolates are Apicomplexans? 
What is the most important apicoplast function? 
What is the most common dinophyte chloroplast? 
What did the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages lose? 
Who has a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte? 
What do some dinophytes have a diatom derived chloroplast? 
What is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently? 
What is the name of the plastome? 
What are the inverted repeat regions highly conserved among land plants? 
What is the mechanism for chloroplast DNA replication? 
How many A  G deamination gradients are found in cpDNA? 
What is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? 
How many of the protein products of transferred genes aren't even targeted back to the chloroplast? 
When is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol? 
What are chloroplasts generally lens-shaped? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? 
When did chloroplast membranes protrude out into the cytoplasm? 
What is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum found in? 
What is the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes? 
What are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across? 
When were Plastoglobuli thought to be free-floating in the stroma? 
What are the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae? 
What are the two types of thylakoids? 
How many photosynthetic carotenoids are found in the photosystems? 
What is a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria? 
What enzyme is used to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis? 
What are chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells specialized for each stage of photosynthesis? 
What are the chloroplasts that make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green? 
What are chloroplasts found in plants such as cacti? 
What can the chloroplasts of plant and algal cells orient themselves to best suit the available light? 
What are the two main immune responses in plants? 
What can chloroplasts serve as? 
What is one of the main functions of the chloroplast? 
What is hydrogen ion gradient used to generate ATP energy? 
What enzyme starts by using Rubisco to fix CO2 into five-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate molecules? 
How can glucose monomers in the chloroplast be linked together to make starch? 
What can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high? 
What is the name of the chloroplast that makes almost all of a plant cell's amino acids? 
What is a special type of a plant cell organelle called? 
What is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll? 
What are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit? 
What does the division process start when the proteins FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 assemble into filaments? 
What is the inner plastid-dividing ring located in? 
What is a requirement for chloroplast division? 
How many plants have chloroplasts caught attention lately? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1? 
What is the property of being prime? 
How many primes are shown by Euclid around 300 BC? 
What is Goldbach's conjecture about prime numbers? 
What does the image at the right illustrate that 12 is not prime? 
How many early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number? 
What does Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold? 
What are the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers? 
When did Pierre de Fermat prove Fermat's little theorem? 
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n? 
What do modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into? 
What is a very simple example of a probabilistic test? 
What are prime numbers of this form? 
What are some of the largest known primes of the mentioned types? 
Are prime for any natural number n? 
How many primes can be seen using the zeta function? 
What is the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating from 1859? 
What is Riemann's hypothesis that many more conjectures are revolving about primes? 
What is a third type of conjecture? 
What was seen as a canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time? 
What does Fermat's little theorem say is a sufficient condition for p to be prime? 
What are 512-bit primes used for RSA and 1024-bit primes for Diffie–Hellman? 
What is the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada? 
What is the concept of prime number so important that it has been generalized in different ways in various branches of mathematics? 
What is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined? 
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold in unique factorization domains? 
When is the notion of number replaced with that of ideal? 
What is the point of algebro-geometric objects via the notion of the spectrum of a ring? 
What is the difference between the absolute value and the absolute value? 
Which composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music through "natural phenomena"? 
What river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps? 
How many variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rnos? 
How long is the Rhine shortened from the river's natural course? 
Where is the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine formed? 
What is the name of the inland delta of the Rhine into Lake Constance? 
What was a regulation of the Rhine called for in order to counteract the constant flooding and sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta? 
What is the name of the Lake Constance? 
What does the flow of cold, gray mountain water continue for some distance into the lake? 
When does the Rhine emerge from Lake Constance? 
What is the name of the first major city in the course of the stream? 
In what century was the Upper Rhine region changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
How many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland? 
What is the name of the Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz? 
What is the largest conurbation in Germany? 
What does the Dutch name Rijn no longer coincide with? 
What is the second third of the water flowing through the Pannerdens Kanaal? 
What is the name of the river Rijn used for? 
When is the Rhine-Meuse Delta the most important natural region of the Netherlands? 
What is the name of the Rhine delta determined by? 
When did the Meuse flow south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea? 
What are the main arms of the current delta? 
What is the Rhine-Meuse Delta? 
In what period was the stage set in the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era? 
What caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone? 
By what period did the Rhine capture streams down to the Vosges Mountains? 
How many years ago was the geological period of the Ice Ages? 
When did the last glacial run from 74,000 (BP = Before Present) until the end of the Pleistocene? 
What did the Rhine's current course do during the last Ice Age? 
In what year did the sea level rise in the southern North Sea rise? 
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley? 
How many avulsions have occurred in the delta since 3000 yr BP? 
What do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea? 
When did the Rhine first enter the historical period in the 1st century BC? 
What was Augustus' death in AD 14 until after AD 70? 
How many legions did the Romans keep in five bases along the Rhine? 
Which Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period? 
In what century was the Rhine within the borders of Francia? 
What was a long-term goal of French foreign policy since the Middle Ages? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? 
When was the Rhine bridge at Arnhem immortalized in the book A Bridge Too Far? 
What was the generally accepted length of the Rhine until 1932? 
In what year did the Scottish electorate vote for devolution? 
How many years was Scotland directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain and the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
Who would set up an elected assembly in Edinburgh? 
What party controlled the government of the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s? 
What is the official home of the Scottish Parliament since September 2004? 
What was the permanent building at Holyrood being constructed? 
What was the former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George IV Bridge used for the MSP's offices? 
What is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the role of the Presiding Officer in the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body? 
What is a hemicycle in the debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the name of the parliamentary mace in front of the Presiding Officers' desk? 
What is the verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates? 
What is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons? 
Who decides who speaks in chamber debates and how much time is allowed to speak in chamber debates? 
When do MSPs decide on all motions and amendments that have been moved that day? 
Which party usually instructs members which way to vote? 
What is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a Scottish minister? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committees? 
What are the current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament? 
What are the Subject Committees established at the beginning of each parliamentary session? 
What was the Scottish Act 1998 passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
What does the Scottish Parliament have the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound? 
What is the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What is the first, or introductory stage of the bill? 
What stage is the final stage of the bill? 
What does the Presiding Officer submit to the Monarch for royal assent? 
What is the name of the party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament? 
What are ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament held on the first Thursday in May every four years? 
Who can deliver statements to Parliament upon which MSPs are invited to question? 
When is Parliamentary time set aside for question periods in the debating chamber? 
What are 73 of the 129 MSPs elected to represent first past the post constituencies? 
What was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 and the British Nationality Act 1981? 
What was the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority? 
What seat was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie lost to the SNP? 
What is Islamism also known as? 
What party is the Tunisian Ennahda Movement? 
What is a major division within Islamism? 
What is Islamism a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam? 
What is a way of life that Islamists believe in? 
When did Western and pro-Western governments support Islamists and Islamist groups? 
What was Sadat's policy of opening Egypt to Western investment? 
What did the Saudi-based Wahhabism or Salafism promote? 
When did Iqbal study law and philosophy in England and Germany? 
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League? 
What was Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi's role in the Islamic revival in India? 
What did Maududi think Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia? 
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Ismailiyah in 1928? 
What was the only opposition group in Egypt able to field candidates during elections? 
What constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world during the Six-Day War? 
What was Ali Shariati's ideologue of the Iranian Revolution? 
What has the Islamic Republic maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions? 
In what year did the Soviet Union deploy its 40th Army into Afghanistan? 
What was the problem with Saddam's defeat? 
What did Qutb's ideas become more radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966? 
What organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981? 
What group employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order in the 1990s? 
When did the First Palestine Intifada take place? 
In what year did Hamas kill 542 people in 140 suicide bombings? 
How many years did Sudan have an Islamist regime under the leadership of Hassan al-Turabi? 
In what year did al-Nimeiry overtake al-Nimeiry? 
What is the name of the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria? 
What did the mujahideen win against the Soviet Union in the 1980s? 
What was the name of the Deobandi movement established for impoverished Afghan refugees? 
In what year did General Zia-ul-Haq overtrow Prime Minister Ali Bhutto's regime? 
What is the name of "Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"? 
What was the name of the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad? 
What is HT's view of the Caliphate? 
What does HT do not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system? 
What is the name of the Muslim population in Greater London? 
What was the name of the U.S. government's efforts to counter Islamism? 
What is the Latin word for Imperialism? 
What is a policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force? 
Who used the term imperialism in slightly more discriminating fashion to mean all kinds of domination or control by a group of people over another? 
What is the closest modern English equivalent? 
What is the term "imperialism" often conflated with? 
What do imperialism and colonialism do? 
What is a controversial aspect of imperialism based on? 
What did the Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe have? 
Who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of European guidance? 
What are the principles of imperialism generally generalizable to? 
What did Edward Said say about Orientalism refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What was Bassett's analysis of during the "scramble for Africa"? 
What is cultural imperialism when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles? 
What period began in the Age of Imperialism around 1700? 
Who built a framework for understanding European imperialism? 
What was the focus of Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism? 
What did Europe continue to advance in military technology? 
What was the term "Imperialism" introduced into English in the late 1870s? 
How many historians and political theorists pioneered much of the debate? 
What was the concept of environmental determinism used to categorically place indigenous peoples in a racial hierarchy? 
What was the name of the British East India Company established in 1599? 
In what year did France take control of Algeria? 
In what year was Jules Ferry the leading exponent of colonialism declared France had a civilising mission? 
In what year did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French use the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France? 
What did Germanic tribes expand throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity? 
What was Germany’s participation in Western imperialism negligible until the late 19th century? 
In what year did Germany start to build a colonial empire in Africa and the South Pacific? 
What was Japan's first Sino-Japanese War in 1894? 
When did Bolsheviks effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire? 
Who believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution? 
What was the name of the First British Empire? 
What was the Scramble for Africa and major additions in Asia and the Middle East? 
What did the early United States express its opposition to Imperialism? 
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society? 
What type of imperialism is distinct from informal U.S. imperialism? 
When was the Ottoman Empire an imperial state? 
What was the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for six centuries? 
In what century was the United Methodist Church a leader in Evangelicalism? 
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement? 
What was the name of the movement which became The United Methodist Church in the mid-18th century? 
In what year did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to the American Indians in the colony of Georgia? 
When did John Wesley want the Methodists to stay within the Church of England? 
When was St. George's United Methodist Church founded? 
Who was the first African American ordained by the Methodist Church? 
How many years has Methodism in the United States seen a number of divisions and mergers? 
What does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of? 
Who was compelled to break with standard practice in 1784? 
How many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition? 
What is the grace that "goes before" us? 
What is justifying Grace or Accepting Grace? 
What is the grace of God that sustains the believers in the journey toward Christian Perfection? 
What is The Book of Discipline characterized as Arminian theology? 
What is the sanctity of human life in the United Methodist Church? 
What church holds that women are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother? 
When did John Wesley warn against the dangers of drinking? 
What does the United Methodist Church say is a reason for taking human life? 
Who was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999? 
How many organizations, conferences, and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the LGBT community within the UMC? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? 
What does the United Methodist Church maintain that war is incompatible with Christ's message and teachings? 
What teaches that pornography is about violence, degradation, exploitation, and coercion? 
What does the UMC support for research on embryos created for IVF that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased? 
How many notable heroes and heroines of the Christian faith may be named after? 
What is the highest level of the United Methodist Church organized into? 
What are the jurisdictional and central conferences that are subordinate to the General Conference? 
What is one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils? 
What is the highest court in the denomination? 
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC? 
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors? 
How many colleges and universities are affiliated with the United Methodist Church? 
Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What are all clergy appointments made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the Annual Conference Cabinet? 
What are Elders called by God? 
What are deacons called by God? 
When did the ordination order of transitional deacon be abolished? 
What is the official title of a local pastor? 
Who practices infant and adult baptism? 
What is Baptism a sacrament in the UMC? 
What is the name of the lay servant in the United Methodist Church? 
What is one tradition within the Christian Church? 
In what year did the United Methodist Church enter into full communion with the African Methodist Episcopal Church? 
How many members did the United Methodist Church have in the United States in recent decades? 
What percentage of UMC delegates were from Africa during the 2008 General Conference? 
Who is a member of the Wesleyan Holiness Consortium? 
What was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War? 
What was the name of the war between New France and the British colonies? 
In what year did the British colonial governors meet with General Braddock? 
What was the result of a failed expedition against Louisbourg and the Siege of Fort William Henry? 
What was one of the most significant developments in a century of anglo-French conflict? 
What was the second war in King George's reign in the 1740s? 
What is the name of the North American theater of the Seven Years' War? 
How many French people lived in the St. Lawrence River valley? 
What number of British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1? 
What tribes did the French use their trading connections to recruit fighters from in the Great Lakes region? 
What was the name of the French regular army troops in North America? 
How many Indians was Céloron's expedition force? 
When did Céloron's expedition arrive at Logstown? 
What does Céloron write about the Natives of these localities? 
In what year did the British government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia? 
Who signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748? 
What was the name of the Governor-General of New France? 
What was the name of the Iroquois who sent runners to the manor of William Johnson? 
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to? 
What was the name of the Super Bowl 50? 
Who was named the NFL Most Valuable Player (MVP). Who defeated the Arizona Cardinals 49–15 in the NFC Championship Game? 
How many sacks did The Broncos take an early lead in Super Bowl 50? 
What was the third most watched U.S. broadcast ever? 
In what year did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell declare that the NFL planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular"? 
Who narrowed the bids to three sites? 
When did the league announce that the two finalists were Sun Life Stadium and Levi's Stadium? 
What was the first Super Bowl held in San Francisco Bay Area since Super Bowl XIX in 1985? 
Who was one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss? 
Who was the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978? 
Who led the Panthers offense in scoring? 
Who led the Panthers in interceptions with 24? 
What did the Broncos lose in the divisional round of the previous season's playoffs? 
Who did Manning finish the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating? 
What was the first time the Broncos' defense ranked first in the NFL yards allowed? 
Who beat the Seattle Seahawks in the divisional round of the NFC Championship Game? 
How many points did the Broncos score in the final three minutes of the game? 
Who suffered a major setback when Thomas Davis went down with a broken arm in the NFC Championship Game? 
Who led the Broncos to victory in Super Bowl XXXIII? 
What was the first Super Bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the #1 pick in their draft classes? 
Who was a linebacker with the Chicago Bears in Super Bowl XX? 
What was Levi's Stadium's field of a high enough quality to host a Super Bowl? 
Who used the San Jose State practice facility? 
When did the NFL announce that the practice of branding Super Bowl games with Roman numerals would be temporarily suspended? 
How many gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 NFL season to tie into the "Golden Super Bowl"? 
What was the annual NFL Experience held at the Moscone Center in San Francisco? 
What was the name of the game's media day? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee and the NFL? 
What is the name of the Super Bowl 50 Host Committee? 
What will the winner of Super Bowl 50 receive? 
What was the name of the televised game in the United States? 
Who provided digital streams of the game via CBSSports.com? 
What was CBS's lead-out program for Super Bowl 50? 
When did CBS set the base rate for a 30-second ad at $5,000,000? 
Who paid for movie trailers to be aired during the Super Bowl? 
Who will carry the game throughout North America? 
What is the name of the flagship stations in the markets of each team? 
Which BBC Radio 5 Live and 5 Live Sports Extra will carry the contest? 
Which Grammy winner performed the national anthem? 
When did reports surface that "multiple acts" would perform during the halftime show? 
Who completed an 18-yard pass to Owen Daniels and a 22-yard throw to Andre Caldwell? 
What was the first fumble return touchdown in a Super Bowl since Super Bowl XXVIII? 
What did Carolina finish with a 9-play, 73-yard scoring drive? 
What linebacker recovered on the Broncos 40-yard line? 
What did the Panthers score on their opening drive of the second half? 
What did the Broncos drive to the Panthers 41-yard line in the third quarter? 
When did Carolina get the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive? 
Who finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns? 
Who was the oldest quarterback to win a Super Bowl at age 39? 
Who was one of the most famous people born in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the Saxon Garden? 
What are the 13 natural reserves in Warsaw? 
What was the most diverse city in Poland? 
What was the oldest and most influential Polish academic center in Poland? 
What was the University Library founded in 1816? 
What did Warsaw do during its time as an Eastern Bloc economy? 
What is the highest-reference hospital in all of Poland? 
What is the Teatr Wielki, the Polish National Opera, the Chamber Opera, the National Philharmonic Hall and the National Theatre? 
When was the Summer Theatre in operation in Ogród Saski? 
How many commemorative events take place every year in Warsaw? 
What is one of the largest collections of art posters in the world? 
When is the Royal Ujazdów Castle located? 
What is the name of the mermaid? 
What is the name of Triton's daughters? 
Who was a famous artist born in Warsaw? 
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world? 
When did Kraków serve as the Polish capital city? 
What is the seat of a Roman Catholic archdiocese? 
What is Warsaw's name in the Polish language? 
What were the first fortified settlements on the site of today's Warsaw? 
In what year did Warsaw become the seat of the General Sejm? 
When was Warsaw annexed to become the capital of South Prussia? 
What was Warsaw occupied by Germany from 4 August 1915 until November 1918? 
When was Warsaw defended until the end of the Second World War? 
When was the Red Army deep into Poland? 
When was the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign initiated? 
In what year did John Paul II visit his native country? 
What is the highest point on the left side of Warsaw? 
What is the specific axis of Warsaw that divides Warsaw into two parts? 
What is the pattern of the Vistula terraces asymmetrical? 
What was Warsaw razed to the ground during the Second World War by bombing raids and planned destruction? 
What is the most notable example of Gothic architecture in the city? 
What is one of the best examples of rococo architecture in Warsaw? 
What was the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture? 
How many places commemorate the heroic history of Warsaw? 
What is the oldest park in Praga? 
What is the flora of Warsaw considered very rich in? 
In what year did c. 1,300,000 people live in Warsaw? 
What percentage of Warsaw's inhabitants were Catholics, 35.7% Jews, 5% Greek orthodox Christians and 2.8% Protestants? 
What is the basic unit of territorial division in Poland? 
What is the name of the town council in Warsaw? 
What is the name of the mayor of Warsaw? 
In what year did 304,016 companies be registered in Warsaw? 
When was Warsaw's first stock exchange established? 
What is the name of the FSO Car Factory? 
What is the capital and largest city of Poland? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 10th and 11th centuries? 
What was the name of the Norman dynasty? 
What is the French word Normans/Normanz, plural of Normant? 
What was the name of the Duchy of Normandy? 
What was the name of the Viking settlers that began arriving in the 880s? 
Who would replace the Norse religion and Old Norse language with Catholicism and Gallo-Romance? 
When did the Normans adopt the feudal doctrines of the rest of France? 
When did the Normans enter the Mezzogiorno as warriors? 
Who received the county of Aversa in 1030? 
Who captured Sicily and Malta from the Saracens? 
What did the Normans combine with their own conceptions of feudal law and order to form a unique government? 
What was the name of the Normans who entered the Byzantine Empire? 
What was one of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general in the 1050s? 
How many families of Byzantine Greece were of Norman mercenary origin during the period of the Comnenian Restoration? 
What was Robert Guiscard's vassal? 
How many years after the First Crusade were the Normans under the command of Bohemond? 
What was the third attack of Byzantine state-of-affairs in 1185? 
What was the name of the Normans who were in contact with England from an early date? 
When did Edward the Confessor return from his father's refuge? 
In what year did Duke William II conquer England killing King Harold II at the Battle of Hastings? 
What language became distinct from the Latin language during the Hundred Years' War? 
What was the name of the Normans in the 1169 invasion of Bannow Bay? 
Who was one of the claimants of the English throne opposing William the Conqueror? 
What was the name of the Normans who came into Scotland? 
What was the name of the Norman Conquest of England? 
When did the Marches come under the dominance of William's most trusted Norman barons? 
When did the First Crusade carved out a Norman principality? 
Who was the de facto leader of the Crusade during the siege of Amalfi? 
What forces of the Third Crusade conquest of Cyprus opened a new chapter in the history of Cyprus? 
In what year did Richard leave Messina with a large fleet in order to reach Acre? 
How many princes of the Holy Land arrived in Limassol at the same time? 
When was Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre? 
When was Cyprus sold to the Knights Templar? 
Who took the title of King of the Canary Islands? 
What was the customary law of Normandy developed between the 10th and 13th centuries? 
What is a new stage in the architectural history of the regions they subdued? 
In what country did the period of Norman architecture succeed? 
In what century did the dukes begin a programme of church reform? 
What is the most famous work of Norman art? 
What type of artwork survives in Britain? 
What was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century? 
How many monks of Saint-Evroul fled to southern Italy under the Norman abbot Robert de Grantmesnil? 
Who was Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla pursue in his high-voltage, high-frequency power experiments in New York and Colorado Springs? 
Who was renowned for his achievements and showmanship? 
Who was born into a Serb family in the village of Smiljan in 1856? 
Who was the fourth of five children? 
In what year did Tesla move to Karlovac to attend school at the Higher Real Gymnasium? 
In what year did Tesla return to his birthtown in Smiljan? 
In what year did Tesla evade being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian Army? 
In what year did Tesla enroll in Austrian Polytechnic? 
In what year did Tesla leave Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school? 
When was Milutin Tesla returned to Gospi under police guard? 
In what year did Tesla's uncles put together enough money to help him leave Gospi? 
When did Tesla move to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás? 
In what year did Tesla start working for the Continental Edison Company? 
In what year was Tesla offered the task of redesigning Edison's direct current generators? 
What company did Tesla partner with in 1886? 
In what year did Tesla meet Alfred S. Brown, a Western Union superintendent, and New York attorney Charles F. Peck? 
What was one of the things Tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887? 
Who arranged for Tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system at the American Institute of Electrical Engineers in 1888? 
What year did Tesla work in Pittsburgh to create an alternating current system to power the city's streetcars? 
What was Westinghouse's first AC system in 1886? 
Who won the bid to light the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago? 
In what year did Richard Dean Adams lead the Niagara Falls Cataract Construction Company? 
What was the name of the conglomerate General Electric in the mid 1890s? 
When did Tesla become a naturalized citizen of the United States? 
When did Tesla serve as vice president of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers? 
In what year did Tesla begin investigating what? 
What did Tesla mention in his notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon? 
When did Benjamin Lamme make great progress developing an efficient version of Tesla's induction motor? 
When did the New York Herald Tribune publish an article on Tesla? 
In what year did Tesla demonstrate a radio-controlled boat to the public? 
What was Tesla's lab located near Foote Ave. and Kiowa St? 
What was Tesla observing from lightning storms? 
How many volts of artificial lightning were produced? 
In what year did Tesla fault a power station generator? 
In what year did Tesla speak to reporter Julian Hawthorne? 
In what year did John Jacob Astor IV invest $100,000 for Tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system? 
What was Tesla's lab torn down in 1904? 
What did Tesla ask for to build a more powerful transmitter? 
In what year did Marconi send the letter S to Newfoundland? 
How many rpm bladeless turbines did Tesla demonstrate on his 50th birthday? 
Who invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator? 
In what year did Tesla create a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity? 
When was the Wardenclyffe Tower demolished? 
What was the Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla? 
What did Tesla biographers claim that Edison and Tesla were the original recipients of the $20,000 prize money? 
In what year did Tesla receive one of 38 possible bids? 
When did the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company begin paying Tesla $125 per month? 
In what year did Tesla announce a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance? 
In what year did Tesla leave the Hotel New Yorker to feed the pigeons? 
What did Tesla claim about a "teleforce" weapon after studying the Van de Graaff generator? 
In what year did Tesla say that the death ray is not an experiment... I have built, demonstrated and used it? 
When did Tesla write a treatise about charged particle beam weapons? 
In what period did Tesla say that efforts had been made to steal the invention? 
Who died in room 3327 of the New Yorker Hotel on 7 January 1943? 
Who ordered the Alien Property Custodian to seize Tesla's belongings? 
When did the mayor of New York read a eulogy written by Louis Adamic live over the WNYC radio? 
How many patents were obtained worldwide for Tesla's inventions? 
What restaurant did Tesla work every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later? 
When did Tesla walk between 8 to 10 miles per day? 
In what interview did Tesla say that he did not believe in telepathy? 
When did Tesla walk to the park to feed the pigeons? 
Who was Tesla 6 feet 2 inches tall and weighed 142 pounds from 1888 to 1926? 
What language did Tesla speak in his autobiography? 
What was Tesla's second year of study at Graz? 
What was Tesla's chastity helpful to his scientific abilities? 
Who was Tesla prone to seclude himself with his work? 
Who was a good friend of Tesla? 
When did Tesla fire a secretary because of her weight? 
What was Tesla's pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings? 
What was Tesla generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy? 
In what year did Tesla claim to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy? 
Who became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics? 
In what year did Tesla comment on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality? 
Who made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-World War I environment in a printed article? 
What did Tesla consider himself a "believer in the orthodox sense"? 
What was Tesla's article published in 1937? 
Who wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals? 
How many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web? 
What genre of science fiction has Tesla endured? 
Who put Tesla on its cover on Tesla's 75th birthday in 1931? 
What is a problem regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources? 
What is a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computability theory? 
What is the input string for a computational problem referred to as? 
What is the difference between a problem and an instance? 
When considering computational problems, a problem instance is a string over an alphabet? 
What is an example of a decision problem? 
What is a computational problem where a single output (of a total function) is expected for every input? 
What is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems? 
How much time does the best algorithm require to solve a computational problem? 
When the input size is n, the time taken can be expressed as a function of n? 
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine? 
A deterministic Turing machine is the most basic Turing machine, which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions? 
How many types of Turing machines are used to define complex classes? 
What type of machine models have been proposed in the literature? 
What is a non-deterministic Turing machine allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once? 
What is the time required by a deterministic Turing machine M on input x? 
What are the most well-known complexity resources? 
What are the three different ways of measuring the time complexity of different inputs of the same size? 
What algorithm solves the problem of sorting a list of integers that is given as the input? 
What is the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem? 
What is the difference between the upper and lower bounds? 
What does a typical complexity class have? 
What is the language xx | x can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape Turing machine? 
What can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm? 
What is the class of all decision problems? 
What is DTIME(n) contained in DTIME(n2)? 
What does the time hierarchy theorem tell us that P is strictly contained in EXPTIME? 
How many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction? 
The most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction, which means that the reduction process takes polynomial time? 
What is hard for a complexity class? 
What is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm? 
The graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic? 
The integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer? 
How many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal? 
What is the class containing the complement problems? 
What is the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space? 
What are problems that can be solved in theory? 
What means intractability in practice is open to debate? 
What was the definition of Turing machines by Alan Turing in 1936? 
What paper did Juris Hartmanis and Richard Stearns write about computational complexity? 
What is John Myhill's definition of linear bounded automata? 
What do some proofs of complex theoretic theorems often assume? 
In what year did Manuel Blum develop an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms? 
What is a formal and ongoing role of teacher? 
What is a teacher's role? 
In some countries, formal education can take place through home schooling? 
What type of teaching may be carried out informally, within the family, or in the wider community? 
What does a teacher's professional duties extend beyond formal teaching? 
What are some bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers? 
What are the functions of the teacher's colleges? 
What is a teacher who teaches on an individual basis? 
What is a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills, knowledge and/or thinking skills? 
What is typically a course of study, lesson plan, or practical skill? 
What does pedagogy involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills? 
What is the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching? 
What is true in most of the United States as well? 
What has become a new trend amongst educational institutions? 
What was the most common form of school discipline in the history of education? 
What was one of the most common forms of school discipline in the world? 
How many US states have banned corporal punishment? 
What type of punishment is commonly used in schools in Asian, African and Caribbean countries? 
What is one of the most common punishments in schools in the United States, the UK, Ireland, Singapore? 
What is a modern example of school discipline in North America and Western Europe? 
What is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics? 
What is the stereotypical view of East Asian classrooms? 
Where are school class sizes typically 40 to 50 students? 
What does Sudbury model democratic schools claim that can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike? 
What can teachers affect how students perceive the course materials? 
What can lead to students who are more likely to be engaged, interested, energetic, and curious about learning the subject matter? 
What is a mechanism by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation? 
What are student motivation and attitudes towards school closely linked to? 
What are teachers that spend more time working directly with students perceived as supportive and effective teachers? 
What is the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching? 
How many students in the U.S. claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education? 
What was a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional? 
How many high-profile cases have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct in the United States? 
Who said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register? 
What can negatively impact teachers' mental and physical health, productivity, and students' performance? 
What percentage of UK teachers experienced occupational stress? 
What can be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers? 
What are many similarities and differences among teachers around the world? 
What is education in Australia primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories? 
What is a post-secondary degree required to become a qualified teacher? 
What is the name of the special university classes in Germany? 
What is the basic pay for a starting teacher in Ireland? 
Who is required to be registered with the Teaching Council? 
From 2006 has Garda vetting been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession? 
What was the salary for Nursery, Primary and Secondary School teachers in September 2007? 
How many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching? 
What salary year did unpromoted teachers earn from £20,427 for a Probationer? 
In what year did 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools use Welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction? 
Who can be registered members of trade unions in Wales? 
What is the average teacher salary for US teachers? 
What is a strong tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical Christian traditions? 
What is an office in the Aaronic priesthood? 
What is the spiritual teacher in Hinduism? 
In Tibetan Buddhism the teachers of Dharma are most commonly called a Lama in Tibet. 
Who was a German professor of theology, composer, priest, former monk and a seminal figure in the Protestant Reformation? 
Who taught that salvation and eternal life is not earned by good deeds? 
What was his translation of the Bible in the vernacular that made it more accessible? 
What was Martin Luther born to? 
In what year did he enter the University of Erfurt? 
What was Luther's father's wish? 
Who dedicated himself to the Augustinian order? 
In 1507 was von Staupitz ordained to the priesthood? 
Who was awarded a Doctor of Theology on 19 October 1512? 
When did Luther write to his bishop, Albert of Mainz, protest the sale of indulgences? 
Who claimed indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation? 
What was Tetzel's teaching on indulgences for the dead? 
What is the story of the posting on the door? 
Who translated the 95 Theses from Latin into German in January 1518? 
What year did Luther's writings reach France, England, and Italy? 
When did Luther teach on the Psalms, the books of Hebrews, Romans, and Galatians? 
What was Luther's teaching in 1525? 
When did Luther's rediscovery of "Christ and His salvation" become the foundation for the Reformation? 
What did Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg do not reply to Luther's letter? 
What was Pope Leo X used to reformers and heretics? 
In what year did the papal nuncio Karl von Miltitz adopt a more conciliatory approach? 
When did Luther appear as ordered before the Diet of Worms? 
Who was the assistant of the Archbishop of Trier? 
When did Luther raise his arm in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout? 
Who refused to recant his writings? 
What was the final draft of the Edict of Worms? 
What was Luther's disappearance during his return trip to Wittenberg planned? 
When did Luther write to Melanchthon on the same theme? 
In what year did Luther extend his target from individual pieties to doctrines at the heart of Church practices? 
Who dealt with prophecy in 1521? 
In what year did Andreas Karlstadt embark on a radical programme of reform in Wittenberg? 
Who returned to Wittenberg on 6 March 1522? 
Who wrote to the elector: "Oh, what joy has Dr. Martin's return spread among us?" 
What did Luther next set about reversing or modifying the new church practices? 
Who helped instigate the German Peasants' War of 1524–25? 
What was Luther's response to the Twelve Articles? 
What did Luther justify his opposition to the rebels on three grounds? 
When did the Swabian League defeat the Swabian League at the Battle of Frankenhausen? 
What year did Martin Luther marry Katharina von Bora? 
Who did Luther's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage? 
When did Luther and his wife move into a monastery? 
When did Luther find himself increasingly occupied in organising a new church? 
What did Luther do to avoid confusing or upsetting the people? 
In what year did Luther write a German Mass? 
Who introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the Electorate of Saxony? 
How did Luther devise the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of Christianity to the congregations? 
What is one of Luther's most personal works? 
What was Luther's Small Catechism used to help parents teach their children? 
What was Luther's German translation of the New Testament published in 1522? 
Who used the variant of German spoken at the Saxon chancellery? 
When did Luther's version become a popular and influential Bible translation? 
When did Luther write hymns such as "Ein feste Burg ist unser Gott"? 
What was Luther's hymn often evoked by in his life and the unfolding Reformation? 
What is Luther's hymnic version of the Lord's Prayer? 
Who wrote "Ach Gott, vom Himmel sieh darein"? 
How many of Luther's hymns were included in early Lutheran hymnals? 
What did Johann Sebastian Bach include as chorales in his cantatas? 
When did Francis Blackburne argue that John Jortin misread the passages of Luther's Commentary on Genesis? 
In what year did Philip I convoke an assembly of German and Swiss theologians at the Marburg Colloquy? 
What is the meaning of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper? 
In what year did the Marburg Colloquy pave the way for the signing of the Augsburg Confession? 
In what year did Luther write that Jesus Christ was born a Jew? 
When was Suleiman the Magnificent besieging Vienna? 
In what year did Luther read a Latin translation of the Qur'an? 
What is Luther's second use of the law? 
What are the beginnings of the renewed life of Christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism? 
Who became involved in the bigamy of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse? 
What did Luther write about the Jews during his career? 
Who tried to help the Jews of Saxony in 1537? 
Who was the most widely read author of his generation? 
When did seven Protestant regional church confederations issue a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing Jews to wear the yellow badge? 
What is the heart of scholars' debate about Luther's influence? 
What did other scholars argue that, even if his views were merely anti-Judaic? 
When did Lutheran Church denominations repudiate Martin Luther's statements against the Jews? 
What was Ménière's disease, vertigo, fainting, tinnitus, and a cataract in one eye? 
What was Luther's poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments? 
What was Luther's last sermon delivered at Eisleben on 15 February 1546? 
What was Luther's final journey to Mansfeld? 
When did the negotiations begin? 
When did an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech? 
What was Luther's last statement? 
What were printed images of Luther that emphasized his monumental size crucial to the spread of Protestantism? 
What is Southern California a geographic and cultural region? 
What is one of the 11 megaregions of the United States? 
What is Southern California's population? 
Where is the Colorado Desert and the Colorado River at the border with Arizona? 
What is Los Angeles the most populous city in California and the second most populous in the United States? 
Los Angeles, Orange, San Diego, San Bernardino, and Riverside are the five most populous counties in the state? 
What is the name associated with the motion picture, television, and music industry? 
What is Southern California's home grown surf and skateboard culture? 
How many locals and tourists frequent the southern California coast for its popular beaches? 
What is the name of California's north-south midway point? 
What was the name of the northern boundary of southern California? 
In what year did the Los Angeles Times define southern California as? 
What is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States? 
What is the main gap to continued urbanization? 
What is a Mediterranean climate in Southern California? 
What is one of the more varied collections of geologic, topographic, and natural ecosystem landscapes in Southern California? 
How many earthquakes are observed in the southern California area each year? 
What can produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake? 
What is Southern California divided culturally, politically, and economically into distinctive regions? 
What is Southern California's Combined Statistical Area? 
What are the two largest cities in all of California? 
What is the largest economy in the United States? 
What have been major industries since the 1920s? 
What are the major business districts in Southern California? 
What are the major business districts of Downtown Burbank, Downtown Santa Monica, Downtown Glendale and Downtown Long Beach? 
What are the business districts of San Bernardino-Riverside? 
What is Orange County a rapidly developing business center that includes Downtown Santa Ana, the South Coast Metro and Newport Center districts? 
What is the central business district of San Diego? 
How many lines of the commuter rail system run out of Downtown Los Angeles? 
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located? 
What is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base? 
What is the name of the professional sports teams in Southern California? 
What was the name of the two Major League Soccer teams in Los Angeles from 2005 to 2014? 
What are the UCLA Bruins and the USC Trojans both field teams in the NCAA Division I in the Pac-12 Conference? 
What is a growing sport in southern California? 
What was BSkyB's largest digital subscription television company? 
What did the European Commission consider the exclusivity of the rights to be against the interests of competition and the consumer? 
What was BSkyB excluded from being a part of the ONdigital consortium? 
What did BSkyB initially charge for using a Sky+ PVR? 
What is the name of the videoGuard pay-TV scrambling system owned by BSkyB? 
When did Virgin Media and BSkyB become involved in a dispute over the carriage of Sky channels on cable TV? 
What was the idea of converting BSkyB's business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept? 
What is the name of the British telecommunications company that serves the United Kingdom? 
What is the Sky Q range of products and services to be available in 2016? 
What is BSkyB's standard definition broadcasts in? 
When was Sky Digital launched? 
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service? 
On what date did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels? 
What is a universal Ku band LNB which is fitted at the end of the dish? 
What year did ITV hold talks for the broadcast rights for the Premier League? 
Who has no veto over the presence of channels on BSkyB's EPG? 
What was BSkyB's digital service officially launched on 1 October 1998? 
When did Virgin Media start to offer a high-definition television (HDTV) capable set top box? 
In what year did BSkyB's direct-to-home satellite service become available in 10 million homes? 
How much does the new deal include for the channels? 
What is Victoria's total gross state product ranked second in Australia? 
How many Chinese miners worked in Victoria? 
In what year did the Victorian Legislative Council elections be held under a new multi-member proportional representation system? 
About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian? 
What is Victoria in the south-east of Australia? 
In what year did Great Britain claim the entire Australian continent east of the 135th meridian east? 
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are sown for grain? 
What constitution was enacted by the United Kingdom Parliament in 1975? 
What are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts? 
What is the name of the public schools in Victoria? 
What is the name of the major car brands Ford, Toyota and Holden? 
How many topographically, geologically and climatically diverse areas are found in Victoria? 
The Victorian Alps are the coldest part of Victoria? 
How many private and public railway operators operate on government-owned lines in Victoria? 
How many seats in the Australian House of Representatives are in the Australian House of Representatives? 
What was the name of the first Victorian Legislative Council issued on 1 July 1851? 
How many public schools did Victoria have as of August 2010? 
What is the centre of dairy farming in Australia? 
What are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines built in mountainous areas? 
What was the name of the colony of New South Wales? 
What was the name of the rebellion against the government of Victoria in 1854? 
Who is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the Legislative Assembly? 
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production in 2003-04? 
What do major events play a big part in Victoria's tourism? 
When did the Huguenots peaked near an estimated two million? 
What was the name Huguenot used in derision? 
What was important to the spread of the Protestant movement and development of the Reformed church in France? 
What was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope? 
In what year did the Huguenots settle in New France? 
What was the name of the first Huguenot church in North America? 
What was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic? 
How many Huguenots had fled France by the early 18th century? 
What was the height of the persecution of the Huguenots? 
By 1620 the Huguenots were on the defensive, and the government increasingly applied pressure? 
How many Protestants in modern France represent 2% of its population? 
What is the oldest street in the United States of America? 
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees in the Dutch Republic after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes? 
Who was the gate of King Hugo haunted by the ghost of le roi Huguet? 
What was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830? 
How many Huguenots were exodus from France created a brain drain? 
What was the pattern of warfare followed by brief periods of peace? 
What did the revocation forbade Protestant services? 
Who was the first Huguenots to leave France? 
What do many of the farms in South Africa still bear French names? 
Who signed the Articles of Confederation for South Carolina? 
What was one of the main centres of the British lace industry at the time? 
In what year did the Huguenots create two new neighbourhoods? 
When did Huguenots flee to surrounding Protestant countries? 
In what year did a group of Norman Huguenots establish the small colony of Fort Caroline? 
When did several hundred French Huguenots migrate from England to the colony of Virginia? 
How many Huguenots fought alongside the Dutch against Spain during the first years of the Dutch Revolt? 
How many Huguenots settled in Ireland in the late 17th and early 18th centuries? 
In what year did Prince Louis de Condé establish a Huguenot community? 
How many Huguenot émigrés relocated to Protestant European nations? 
What was the name of the pro-reform and Gallican Roman Catholics? 
What was the Massacre of 24 August – 3 October 1572? 
When did Louis XIV gain the throne? 
What was the name of the Huguenots in New York? 
What was the name of the Huguenot congregations in North America? 
What was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands? 
What was the French Protestant Church of London established by Royal Charter in 1550? 
When did Huguenot refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states? 
Who invited Huguenots to settle in his realms? 
When is the working fluid separate from the combustion products? 
What was the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive built by Richard Trevithick? 
How many steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water? 
What is a logical extension of the compound engine to split the expansion into more stages to increase efficiency? 
In what year did patent valve gears have a separate, variable cutoff expansion valve riding on the back of the main slide valve? 
What can lead fusible plugs be present in the boiler's firebox? 
In what year did James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion? 
What was the first recorded rudimentary steam engine described by Greek mathematician Hero of Alexandria? 
When did compound engines come into widespread use? 
What was the final major evolution of the steam engine design? 
What is the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam? 
What is the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines? 
How are the pistons connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other? 
When does the steam reverse its direction of flow at each stroke (counterflow), entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port? 
What is the aim of the uniflow engine? 
What is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine that does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder? 
What is the working fluid in a Rankine cycle? 
What is the temperature range the Rankine cycle can operate over? 
How many steam engines were the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution? 
When did Trevithick begin his experiments using a trio of locomotives? 
In what year was Arthur Woolf invented a method to lessen the magnitude of heating and cooling? 
How much of the world's electric production was by steam turbines in the 1990s? 
What is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine? 
What was the historical measure of a steam engine's energy efficiency? 
When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century? 
What was the first commercial steam-powered device developed by Thomas Savery? 
In what year did Richard Trevithick and Oliver Evans introduce engines using high-pressure steam? 
What is the reciprocating steam engine no longer in widespread commercial use? 
Where does steam turbines use surface condensers as a cold sink? 
When was the centrifugal governor adopted for use on a steam engine? 
What was common for industrial units, for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880? 
What are the simplest valve gears that give events of fixed length during the engine cycle? 
In what year did Thomas Savery obtain the first patent for a steam engine? 
What type of rotors are mounted on a drive shaft? 
Who developed an improved version of Newcomen's engine with a separate condenser? 
What do steam engines often possess for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? 
What was the Corliss steam engine patented in 1849? 
How did the steam engine contribute to the development of thermodynamic theory? 
What is one of the principal advantages the Rankine cycle holds over others? 
What can be included to move the fuel from a supply bin to the firebox? 
What was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine? 
How many nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator? 
When is the Rankine cycle referred to as a practical Carnot cycle? 
What are the major inorganic compounds in living organisms? 
In what century did Robert Boyle prove that air is necessary for combustion? 
When did Joseph Priestley study mercuric oxide in a glass tube? 
Who conducted one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air? 
What is the oxidant, not the fuel, but the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion? 
What is a fuel used to store and transmit gaseous and liquid oxygen? 
What was thought to be made mostly of phlogiston? 
How many oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other? 
What was the name of Oxygen discovered by Carl Wilhelm Scheele in 1773 or earlier? 
What is dioxygen's double bond character and reactivity? 
What is a reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue? 
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth? 
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study? 
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen? 
What is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe? 
When did scientists realize that air could be liquefied and its components isolated by compressing and cooling it? 
How many oxygen isotopes did planetary geologists measure in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites? 
What is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular O 2 in which all electron spins are paired? 
What is Oxygen's spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at? 
What do O 2 molecules impart to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field? 
What are the dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms? 
What does the increased solubility of O 2 at lower temperatures have important implications for ocean life? 
What was almost nonexistent in Earth's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved about 3.5 billion years ago? 
What is the result of the oxygen cycle? 
What type of euphoric has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports? 
What type of medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of O 2 around the patient and, when needed, the medical staff? 
What is the essential purpose of respiration? 
When does oxygen form chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides? 
What do people who fly in non-pressurized fixed-wing aircraft sometimes have supplemental O 2 supplies? 
What type of storage methods are used for high pressure oxygen tanks, cryogenics and chemical compounds? 
What is the most important class of organic compounds that contain oxygen? 
What is the element found in almost all biomolecules that are important to (or generated by) life? 
What can toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system occur in deep scuba diving? 
In what space suits does Breathing pure O 2 cause no damage due to the low total pressures? 
What can be toxic at elevated partial pressures? 
What was the name of the oil crisis that began when the oil crisis began? 
What was the major impact of the crisis on international relations? 
On what date did the United States unilaterally pull out of the Bretton Woods Accord? 
When did OPEC slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation? 
When did Syria and Egypt launch a surprise attack on Israel? 
When did OPEC raise the posted price of oil to $5.11 a barrel? 
What did scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973? 
What had a negative influence on the US economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to U.S. energy security? 
What member of the European Economic Community faced a complete embargo? 
What was the main factor in the change of government? 
What exacerbated the crisis in the US? 
When did Nixon name William E. Simon as the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office? 
In what year was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph imposed by the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act? 
What has led to greater interest in renewable energy, nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels? 
In what year did the U.S. consider military action to forcibly seize Middle Eastern oilfields? 
What percentage of its imported oil came from the Middle East in 1970? 
What was the only sign of insecurity in the region? 
How many cylinder engines did Japanese imports have? 
What was the Toyota Hilux and the Datsun Truck introduced? 
What did General Motors, Ford and Chrysler introduce for domestic sales? 
What was the NHTSA Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 215? 
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position? 
What was the third United States human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration? 
What was the Gemini program that supported Apollo from 1961 to 1972? 
What was the major setback of a 1967 Apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test? 
What was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body? 
What was the name of the Apollo program conceived during the Eisenhower administration? 
In what year did Hugh L. Dryden announce the Apollo program to industry representatives? 
In what year was John F. Kennedy elected president? 
Who was the first person to fly in space on April 12, 1961? 
When did Kennedy send a memo to Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson asking Johnson to look into the status of America's space program? 
What was the name of Robert R. Gilruth's Space Task Group? 
What was the name of the LOC's first Director? 
Who recruited Dr. George E. Mueller for a high management job? 
What was Mueller's first manned landing in July 1969? 
In what year was direct ascent generally the mission mode in favor of NASA? 
What did Jerome Wiesner do to Kennedy's science advisor before Kennedy took office? 
How did Wiesner make the disagreement public during a two-day visit to Marshall Space Flight Center? 
What was Maxime Faget's preliminary Apollo design? 
What was the conical crew cabin designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit? 
What was a service propulsion engine and an RCS with propellants? 
What was the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA? 
What was the Lunar Module designed to descend from lunar orbit? 
When did Wernher von Braun start working on the Apollo program? 
What was the first stage of the Saturn IB? 
What was the three-stage Saturn V designed to send a fully fueled CSM and LM to the Moon? 
Who was the first NASA scientist astronaut to fly in space? 
Who awarded all 32 of these astronauts the Distinguished Service Medal? 
When were two Block I CSMs launched on suborbital flights? 
What was the name of the first block II CSM and LM? 
Who became Director of Flight Crew Operations for the Gemini and Apollo programs? 
When was the AS-205 mission canceled? 
What was the cause of North American's problems? 
When did the plugs-out test begin? 
How many houses of Congress overseen an accident review board? 
What was the most important of the changes in the Block II spacecraft and operation procedures? 
In what year did Mueller approve a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing? 
What was the first unmanned flight of the Saturn V? 
What was the first unmanned test flight of LM in Earth orbit? 
When was Apollo 8 planned to be the D mission? 
What was the first landing at the Sea of Tranquility on July 20, 1969? 
How many Saturn Vs were enough for lunar landing missions through Apollo 20? 
When did Apollo 13 launch Lovell, Jack Swigert, and Fred Haise? 
When was the first landing in 1969? 
What is the age of rocks collected from the Moon? 
What is never seen on Earth rocks due to the thick atmosphere? 
In what year did NASA hold a symposium on project costs? 
What was the most ambitious plan called for using an empty S-IVB as an interplanetary spacecraft for a Venus fly-by mission? 
Who was the only one of these plans to make it off the drawing board? 
In what year did the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater? 
Who sent the first live televised pictures of the Earth and the Moon back to Earth? 
What was the name of the Apollo TV camera recorded? 
What was the budget for the surviving lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11? 
What is a body of treaties and legislation? 
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law? 
What are the primary constitutional sources of the EU's constitution? 
What is the primary law of the EU? 
What were the main Treaties that form the European Union? 
What was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the European Union? 
Who was the Santer Commission censured by Parliament in 1999? 
What does the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process? 
What is the second main legislative body of the EU? 
Who defines the "ordinary legislative procedure" that applies for most EU acts? 
What role has the judicial branch of the EU played in the development of EU law? 
What does the European Court of Justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems? 
What does the Court of Justice have? 
What is the constitutional law that binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law? 
What does the TFEU article 30 mean to the Dutch Customs Authorities? 
What do Directives do not give citizens standing to sue other citizens? 
What did the Italian government fail to implement in Pubblico Ministero v Ratti? 
What is the duty of national courts to interpret domestic law as far as possible in light of the wording and purpose of the directive? 
What are the principles of European Union law developed by the European Court of Justice? 
What principle of proportionality is recognised by the European Court of Justice since the 1950s? 
The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s? 
What was first recognised by the European Court of Justice in the late 60s? 
What was the only concern that member states should be prevented from violating human rights? 
What is the legal value of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union? 
What was the Social Charter adopted by 11 of the then 12 member states in 1989? 
In what year was the UK Labour Party elected to government? 
What was the name of the European Coal and Steel Community agreement between France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Germany? 
What does the Treaty of Lisbon prohibit in Article 101(1)? 
In what year did the concept of a "social market economy" be introduced into EU law? 
What is the principle of non-discrimination achieved by a customs union? 
What did the Court of Justice consider to be contrary to TFEU article 34? 
What did the Treaties seek to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country? 
What are the main provisions of the Free Movement of Workers Regulation? 
What has increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? 
What does the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union protect? 
What is the name of the rainforest that covers most of the Amazon basin of South America? 
When did the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction occur? 
What is believed to have split the drainage basin of the Amazon along the middle of the continent by the Purus Arch? 
How many tons of dust are windblown out of the Sahara each year? 
How many people lived in the Amazon rainforest in AD 1500? 
Who was the first European to travel the length of the Amazon River? 
What is the name of the land that is distributed over large areas in the Amazon forest? 
How many species of insect species are in Brazil? 
What is the highest biodiversity of plant species on Earth? 
What species can pose a hazard in the rainforest? 
What is the main source of deforestation in the Amazon? 
What is the mean annual deforestation rate in the Brazilian Amazon between 2000 and 2005? 
Who is concerned about the loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest? 
What is one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions? 
How many indigenous peoples continue to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories? 
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organize the trees of the Amazon into four categories? 
What year did parts of the Amazon basin experience the worst drought in one hundred years? 
In what year did the Amazon rainforest experience another severe drought? 
What is the name of a phylum of animals that live in marine waters? 
What do ctenophores have? 
What can a single animal produce both eggs and sperm at the same time? 
What is the name of the ctenophore that has been introduced into the Black Sea? 
What are fossils thought to represent ctenophores? 
What is an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges? 
What is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and cnidarians? 
What are ctenophores the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia as their main method of locomotion? 
What type of species do ctenophores have? 
How many comb rows do ctenophores swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing? 
What do some species rely on to adapt to water of different densities? 
What is the main component of the aboral organ? 
Which species of cydippids have bodies that are more or less rounded? 
What are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with? 
What are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end? 
What are the lobes of the Lobata? 
How many comb-rows do lobates have? 
What is the name of the Beroida? 
What is the name of the Cestida? 
What are most Platyctenids that have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction? 
How many species of the genus Ocryopsis are hermaphrodites? 
In what genus Beroe the juveniles lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths? 
What is the name of the ctenophores that is part of the ctenophores? 
What was thought that the low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made ctenophores a poor diet for other animals? 
What type of ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten? 
What is Stromatoveris from China's Chengjiang lagerstätte? 
What is the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores? 
What is the county seat of Fresno County? 
When did the Central Pacific Railroad establish a station near Easterby's? 
What was Fresno's population before World War II? 
In what year did BankAmericard launch a new product called BankAmericard in Fresno? 
Who wrote "Walking Into Fresno" in the 1970s? 
What is Fresno's largest public park? 
Between the 1880s and World War II, what was Fresno's most beautiful architectural buildings? 
What is the name of the neighborhood on Fresno's far southeast side? 
What area of retail businesses and residences experienced a renewal after a significant decline in the late 1960s and 1970s? 
What is the center of Fresno's LGBT and hipster Communities? 
What is the name of Fresno's early twentieth century homes? 
What was the name of the historic Alta Vista Tract? 
What is the name of the "West Side" of Fresno? 
What is Kearney Boulevard named after? 
How many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before? 
What was the name of Woodward Park in the north eastern part of Fresno? 
What was the first aviation community to be built in 1946? 
What is Fresno's semi-arid climate? 
What is the official record high temperature for Fresno? 
What was the population density of Fresno in 2010? 
How many households had children under the age of 18 living in them? 
What was the population density of the city as of the census of 2000? 
What is the name of the first Fresno television station to begin broadcasting? 
What is the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the California Central Valley? 
What is the largest U.S. city not directly linked to an Interstate highway? 
What is Amtrak San Joaquins' main passenger rail station? 
Who developed the concept Distributed Adaptive Message Block Switching in the late 1950s? 
What is a method that pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session? 
What type of communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes? 
When did Baran develop the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching? 
Who developed the same message routing methodology as Baran? 
What is a connection identifier rather than address information? 
What does X.25 do at the network layer of the OSI Model? 
When did ARPANET and SITA HLN become operational? 
What was AppleTalk's proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by Apple Inc. in 1985? 
What was the name of the CYCLADES packet switching network? 
What was DECnet originally released in 1975 to connect two PDP-11 minicomputers? 
In what year was a data network based on this voice-phone network designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers? 
What was the name of the 501(c)(3) corporation governed by Michigan's public universities? 
What was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States? 
What was the name of the international data communications network Tymnet headquartered in San Jose? 
What were two types of X.25 networks initially implemented with an X.25 external interface? 
What was AUSTPAC's first public X.25 network? 
What was the name of the public switched data network operated by the Dutch PTT Telecom? 
What was the name of the computer science network that was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation? 
What is a not-for-profit United States computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities? 
In what year did the Very high-speed Backbone Network Service come on line? 
What is the name of the Black Death in Central Asia? 
What is enzootic in populations of fleas carried by rodents? 
In what year was Plague first introduced to Europe via Genoese traders? 
In what year did the disease spread to France, Spain, Portugal and England? 
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria in Egypt? 
When did Gasquet claim the Latin name atra mors for the 14th-century epidemic first appear in modern times? 
What was the most authoritative account at the time of medical knowledge stagnated during the Middle Ages? 
What is the dominant explanation for the Black Death? 
Who wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893? 
What is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague? 
What were two previously unknown but related clades of the Y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves? 
Who did J. F. D. Shrewsbury first challenge the plague theory in 1970? 
What is an epidemiological account of the plague as important as an identification of symptoms? 
What did sceptics argue that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic? 
Who suggested the cause of the Y. pestis was a form of anthrax? 
What is the most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East during this time? 
What year was the plague present somewhere in Europe between 1346 and 1671? 
Who proposes a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300? 
In what century was the plague present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time? 
Who was present in at least one location in the Islamic world every year between 1500 and 1850? 
What is an important concept in geology that illustrates the relationships between these three types of rock? 
What was the most important discovery in the 1960s? 
What did plate tectonics provide for many observations of the solid Earth? 
How can seismologists use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the Earth? 
The following four timelines show the geologic time scale? 
The principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks? 
What did geologists use to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events at the beginning of the 20th century? 
When rock units are placed under horizontal compression, they shorten and become thicker than muds? 
What is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning? 
What happens during the addition of new rock units? 
What are the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental United States and the Grand Canyon in the southwestern United States? 
What methods do geologists use to decipher Earth history and understand the processes that occur on and inside the Earth? 
What are the primary methods for identifying rocks in the laboratory? 
How do structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks? 
What are some of the most well-known experiments in structural geology? 
In what laboratory do stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field? 
In what year did James Hutton present a paper entitled Theory of the Earth to the Royal Society of Edinburgh? 
What was the first geological map of the U.S. produced in 1809? 
How did Sir Charles Lyell first publish his famous book Principles of Geology? 
What is Newcastle upon Tyne? 
What was the name of the city named after in 1080? 
What was the first recorded settlement in what is now Newcastle? 
What was Newcastle's northern fortress during the Middle Ages? 
When was a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from Tyneside to Newcastle Quayside? 
What was the name of the close-knit community of keelmen in the Sandgate area? 
In what year did the North declare for the King? 
In what century did shipbuilding and heavy engineering be central to the city's prosperity? 
In what part does Newcastle retain a medieval street layout? 
What was the name of Newcastle's neoclassical centre? 
What is the Town Moor located in Newcastle? 
What was the Gateshead Millennium Bridge commissioned by Gateshead Council? 
Who built the Grainger Town area between 1835 and 1842? 
What was the name of the Grainger Market? 
What is the climate in Newcastle? 
In what year was Newcastle positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the UK? 
What is the largest Tesco store in the United Kingdom located in? 
What was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on Tyneside were growing most rapidly? 
What was the proportion of detached homes in the 2010 census? 
What is Newcastle's population according to the Office for National Statistics? 
What is the average age of people living in Newcastle? 
What is the name of the dialect of Newcastle? 
What are examples of Geordie words with origins in Scandinavia? 
What was Newcastle named as the noisiest city in the whole of the UK? 
What is the name of the 'Diamond Strip'? 
How many years did Stephen Kemble manage the original Theatre Royal in Newcastle? 
Who designed the Theatre Royal on Grey Street in 1837? 
What is the largest independent library outside London? 
In what year does the Newcastle Beer Festival take place? 
What is the largest travelling fair in Europe? 
What is Newcastle Mela held on the late August bank holiday weekend? 
What song was covered by Geordie ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne in 1990? 
What was the Pilgrim Street building refurbished between November 2006 and May 2008? 
What is the Centre for Life with its Science Village? 
What movie is the earliest known to feature some exterior scenes filmed in Newcastle? 
Who is the most successful team in the British Basketball League? 
What is Newcastle International Airport located in the northern outskirts of the city? 
How many Grade One listed railway stations in the UK were built in 2014? 
How many hours does Virgin Trains East Coast train to London King's Cross? 
What is Newcastle's first urban light rail transit system? 
What is the name of the programme 'Metro: All Change'? 
What is the name of the new line of the A1? 
What are the main bus companies in Newcastle? 
In what year did Newcastle first develop its cycling strategy? 
When did the Danish DFDS Seaways run a service to IJmuiden? 
What is the largest co-ed independent school in Newcastle? 
Who was the University of Newcastle upon Tyne established in 1834? 
Who designed the Roman Catholic St. Mary's? 
What was the last addition to the Parish Church of St Andrew? 
When was ITV Tyne Tees based? 
What is the first full-time community radio station in Newcastle? 
Who was the leading British composer of concertos in the 18th century? 
Who were the former pupils of Rutherford Grammar School? 
What is the world's largest museum of decorative arts and design? 
Who owns the world's largest collection of post-classical sculpture? 
What was Henry Cole's first director of the V&A? 
What was the official opening by Queen Victoria on 22 June 1857? 
How many visitors attended the Britain Can Make It exhibition between September and November 1946? 
In what year did the V&A become the first museum in Britain to present a rock concert? 
What is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in Scotland? 
What was the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum? 
What was an ambitious scheme of decoration developed for the new areas of the museum? 
What was the work of Philip Webb and William Morris? 
Who was the next architect to work at the museum after the death of Captain Francis Fowke? 
What was the final embellishment used to decorate the east side of the building? 
What is the main façade of the Cromwell Gardens? 
What is the main arch of Prince Albert sculpted by Alfred Drury? 
What was the first major work in the 1950s and early 1960s? 
What was the main silverware gallery redesigned in the 1990s? 
When was the John Madejski Garden opened? 
In what year did the V&A open the first permanent gallery in the UK? 
What are all the major British architects of the last four hundred years represented in the collection? 
What is a rare survivor of the Great Fire of London? 
What is the centrepiece of the Jameel Gallery of Islamic Art? 
How many works of art are displayed in the Far Eastern collections? 
Who opened the Toshiba gallery of Japanese art in 1986? 
What are the smaller galleries covering Korea, the Himalayan kingdoms and South East Asia? 
What is one of Leonardo da Vinci's note books? 
What is the name of the manuscripts in the library dating from 12th to 16th centuries? 
What was the name of the National Art Library used to be kept in different formats? 
How many images were taken during the first year of the Factory Project? 
What is the work of British artists and craftspeople on display? 
In what period was design influenced by the spread of printed books and the work of European artists and craftsmen employed in Britain? 
What is one of the most dramatic parts of the museum? 
What was the first factory in Europe to discover the Chinese method of making porcelain? 
How many famous potters are represented in the collection? 
What is the oldest glassware on display in the glass collection? 
What was the main gallery redesigned in 1994? 
What is the most comprehensive costume collection in Britain? 
In what year did Costiff acquire the Costiff collection of 178 Vivienne Westwood costumes? 
What was the collection of Italian and French Renaissance objects acquired between 1859 and 1865? 
What is one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection? 
What is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world? 
What percentage of the collection is divided into secular and sacred? 
What is one of the rarest items in the Gloucester Candlestick collection? 
Who closed the Musical Instruments gallery on 25 February 2010, a decision which was highly controversial? 
How many British and European oil paintings are included in the collection? 
In what year did John Sheepshanks donate 233 paintings, mainly by contemporary British artists? 
What were the paintings and miniatures that formed part of the Jones bequest of 1882? 
What is one of the most unusual collections of photographs of Animal Locomotion of 1887? 
What is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical European sculpture in the world? 
What is the collection of Italian, Medieval, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical sculpture unqualled outside of Italy? 
Who is represented by more than 20 works in Rodin's museum collection? 
What are the sculptors who were based in Britain? 
When was the Dorothy and Michael Hintze sculpture galleries opened? 
What is the largest collection of textiles in the world? 
What is the Cloth of St Gereon? 
What is one of the earliest examples of European quilting? 
What is the name of the V&A Theatre & Performance galleries? 
What is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections? 
What was the name of the NBC Blue Network that was purchased by Edward J. Noble? 
How many owned-and-operated television stations are in the United States and its territories? 
What was the name of the Columbia Broadcasting System in the 1930s? 
In what year did Mutual file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations? 
When did Mutual's appeals against the FCC were rejected? 
Who purchased Life Savers candy for $8 million? 
What was the name of the network that aired symphony performances? 
What was the second period of international expansion linked to in the 1990s? 
What was Leonard Goldenson's first attempt to internationalize the ABC television network? 
Who owns the television rights to most of the Peanuts specials since 2000? 
When did ABC aire Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve on New Year's Eve? 
What is the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history? 
What did ABC find difficult to avoid falling behind on the new medium of television? 
In what year did ABC find itself in the position of an outsider? 
When was United Paramount Theatres forced to become an independent entity? 
Who approached UPT in 1951 on a proposal for UPT to purchase ABC? 
When did the FCC announce the end of its freeze on new station license applications? 
The Flintstones was another example of counterprogramming in the 1960s? 
In what year did Walt Disney Productions purchase ABC's shares in the Disneyland theme park? 
In what year did ABC launch a web-based promotional campaign focused on its circle logo? 
In what year did ABC begin using a minimalist graphical identity? 
In what year did ID sequences appear in a gold CGI design? 
What was the first ABC identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance? 
In what year did Paul Rand redesigned the ABC logo into its best-known (and current) form? 
When did rumors circulate that Disney-ABC was considering a sale of ABC Radio? 
In what year did ABC's average viewership drop by ten ratings points? 
Who approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002? 
When did Time Warner Cable remove ABC owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider's systems? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? 
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire is a game show based on the British program of the same title? 
When did The Walt Disney Company announce an agreement to merge with Capital Cities/ABC? 
What was the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks? 
When did ABC's New York City flagship stations change their callsigns to WABC, WABC-FM and WABC-TV? 
In what year did Noble appointed Robert Kintner to be ABC's president? 
When did Goldenson try to help grow ABC? 
What was the most iconic of ABC's relationships with Hollywood producers? 
In what year did ABC Radio launch a special programming project for its FM stations? 
In what year did ABC launch the Movie of the Week? 
In what year did ABC complete its transition to color? 
What was ABC's first game of the week until 2006? 
In what year did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did Congress pass the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act? 
Who became ABC's program development manager in the early 1970s? 
In what year did ABC premiere the detective series S.W.A.T? 
What series did Kung Fu play in the 1970s? 
What was Roots' first miniseries? 
In what year did ABC News become president of the new ABC News? 
In what year did Arledge create the newsmagazine 20/20? 
What was ABC's plan to launch in 1995? 
In what year did Disney-ABC Television Group merged ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios into a new division? 
What year did the sixth and final season of Lost become the drama's lowest-rated season? 
When did the FCC impose its fin-syn rules? 
What is the name of the Selznick library? 
What is the largest U.S. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates? 
In what year did the ABC-UPT merger begin? 
What was the only remaining program on the network's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition? 
What is the native resolution format for ABC's U.S. television properties? 
What did ABC's dramas continue to fail during the 2010–11 season? 
Who canceled All My Children and One Life to Live after 41 and 43 years on the air? 
What was a slight improvement for ABC in the 2013-14 season? 
What was the name of the two family sitcoms that anchored the network's revamped Wednesday comedy lineup? 
Who took over as president of Capital Cities/ABC in February 1994? 
In what year did the FCC repeal the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules? 
In what year did ABC continue on the same path that it began to take? 
Who created Wide World of Sports in 1961? 
In what year was American Broadcasting-Paramount Theatres renamed? 
When did ABC dominate the American television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s? 
In what year did ABC sell KXYZ to the Infinity Broadcasting Corporation? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy delegate his position as president to Daniel B. Burke? 
What is ABC News programming provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays? 
What are the only U.S. states where ABC does not have a locally licensed affiliate? 
What are ABC's own facilities and studios? 
Who owns the Times Square Studios at 1500 Broadway on land in Times Square owned by a development fund for the 42nd Street Project? 
What is the name of the traditional VOD service that is carried on most traditional cable and IPTV providers? 
What was a revised version of the ABC logo introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season? 
When did all U.S. networks regain control of their programming? 
What was a notable exception in Youngstown, Ohio? 
When was the Disneyland anthology series renamed? 
What was ABC's first television series to be broadcast in color on the network? 
What year did Goldenson announce a merger proposal with ITT to ABC management? 
In what year did Thomas S. Murphy contact Leonard Goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies? 
Who was the president of ABC's broadcasting division? 
How many of ABC's marquee shows ended their runs during the mid-1980s? 
What series did ABC revamp its Friday night schedule in the late 1980s? 
In what year did ABC take advantage of new FCC ownership regulations? 
When did the ABC network become a serious contender to NBC and CBS? 
What did Goldenson give ABC a continuum between film and television? 
In what year did ABC launch "WATCH ABC," a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services? 
Who owns or provides services to 28 ABC affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates? 
When did ABC begin to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season? 
What is the difference between WFTS-TV and WWSB? 
Who came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor before Genghis Khan's death? 
Who was Temüjin born in 1162? 
Who had three brothers named Hasar, Hachiun, and Temüge? 
How many years did Hoelun and her children live in poverty? 
In what year did Temüjin escape from the ger? 
When did none of the tribal confederations of Mongolia were united politically? 
When did Temüjin marry Börte of the Onggirat tribe? 
What was Temüjin's father's name? 
When did Jamukha and Temüjin drift apart in their friendship? 
What did Temüjin promise to civilians and soldiers wealth from future war spoils? 
What was the next direct threat to Temüjin? 
What did Temüjin say he did not want to be disloyal men in his army? 
What is Genghis Khan's life marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies? 
When did Genghis Khan plan again to conquer the Jin dynasty? 
What was the name of the khanate of Qara Khitai? 
What force did the invading Mongols use to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among Kuchlug's supporters? 
Who led the first division into the northeast of Khwarezmia? 
What faction split the Shah's army into small groups concentrated in various cities? 
What did Genghis Khan order to destroy the remnants of the Khwarezmid Empire? 
Who attacked Samarkand using captured enemies as body shields? 
What was the city of Bukhara not heavily fortified? 
When did Genghis Khan defeat the Khwarezmian Empire? 
Who recalled Subutai back to Mongolia? 
In what year did Genghis Khan begin a retaliatory attack on the Tanguts? 
In what year did Genghis Khan's army attack and destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? 
Who was Genghis Khan's successor? 
Who was Genghis Khan aware of the friction between his sons? 
What was Jochi's father's death in 1226? 
Who died during the fall of Yinchuan in August 1227? 
On what date was a joint archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be Genghis Khan's palace in rural Mongolia? 
What was the name of the Yassa created by Genghis Khan? 
What were tax exemptions for religious figures? 
Who attempted to create a civil state under the Great Yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals, including women? 
Who was captured by the Mongol army after the Jin dynasty was defeated? 
Who put absolute trust in his generals? 
What was the standard tactic of the Mongol military? 
What was Genghis Khan's death in 1227? 
What is Genghis Khan credited with bringing the Silk Road under one cohesive political environment? 
In what year did Genghis Khan become one of the central figures of the Mongolian national identity? 
What is Genghis Khan's name and likeness endorsed on products, streets, buildings, and other places? 
Who is Genghis Khan regarded as one of the prominent leaders in Mongolia's history? 
What is the population of Genghis Khan in the People's Republic of China? 
What is Genghis Khan almost universally condemned in the Middle East? 
How many people were killed in the invasions of Baghdad, Samarkand, Urgench, Kiev, Vladimir among others? 
Who were the famous Mughal emperors proud descendants of Genghis Khan and particularly Timur? 
What is a palatalised version of the Mongolian and Turkic word tenggis? 
What is Genghis Khan spelled in different ways in different languages? 
What is the Greek word pharma derived from? 
What do pharmacists do to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines? 
What is a pharmacy technician in the UK considered a health care professional? 
In what century was Diocles of Carystus one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants? 
What were the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists in Japan? 
What was the name of Muhammad ibn Zakarya Rzi? 
What is the name of the medieval Esteve Pharmacy located in Llvia? 
In what country is the dispensary subject to pharmacy legislation? 
What type of medication can be found within the premises of the hospital? 
What do pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimize the use of medication? 
What is the role of the clinical pharmacist? 
What is the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam? 
What focuses more on medication regimen review than on actual dispensing of drugs? 
How many Internet pharmacies have been established in the United States since 2000? 
What are some Internet pharmacies selling prescription drugs without requiring a prescription? 
What is a particular concern with Internet pharmacies? 
What is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science? 
What is the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry in 2013? 
What are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions? 
What is the minimum distance between a patient's home and the nearest retail pharmacy? 
In what decade are pharmacists expected to become more integral within the health care system? 
In what country do pharmacists in Australia receive remuneration from the Australian Government for conducting comprehensive Home Medicines Reviews? 
What are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries? 
What is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease? 
How many defense mechanisms have evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens? 
What can result in autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer? 
What is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system? 
When does the immune system protect organisms from infection? 
What is the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules? 
What do microorganisms or toxins that successfully enter an organism encounter the cells and mechanisms of the innate immune system? 
What is the first line of defense against infection? 
What are the -defensins? 
What do commensal flora serve as biological barriers in the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts? 
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection? 
What are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens? 
What is the second arm of the innate immune system? 
What are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment? 
What is a component of the innate immune system that does not directly attack invading microbes? 
What is the adaptive immune system that evolved in early vertebrates? 
What is the name of the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecule? 
What is a sub-group of T cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses? 
What is the T cell's CD4 co-receptor that recognizes antigen bound to? 
What type of T cells do Gamma delta T cells have? 
When does a B cell identifie pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen? 
When are B cells and T cells activated? 
What type of antibody is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta? 
What are female sex hormones known as? 
What effect may active immunizations have when suffering from sleep deprivation? 
What is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partly responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals? 
What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? 
What is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent? 
How many T cells and antibodies react with "self" peptides? 
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries? 
What is the most effective manipulation of the immune system that mankind has developed? 
What method allows pathogens to successfully infect a host while evading detection or destruction by the immune system? 
In what year did Frank Burnet form the clonal selection theory of immunity? 
What are the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs used to control the effects of inflammation? 
What are cytotoxic natural killer cells and CTLs? 
What are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens? 
How many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system exist in jawed vertebrates? 
How many vertebrates did a multicomponent, adaptive immune system arose with? 
How many theories have been suggested in immunology from the end of the nineteenth century up to the present time? 
What do some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers? 
What is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues? 
What is an evasion strategy used by pathogens to avoid the innate immune system? 
What is the simplest approach to change non-essential epitopes on the surface of the pathogen? 
What is a third possible source of tumor antigens? 
Larger drugs can provoke a neutralizing immune response, particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly, or in larger doses? 
What does sleep and the intertwined circadian system have on immunological functions? 
What was one of Egypt's earliest massive implementations brought about by Egyptians against the British occupation in the 1919 Revolution? 
What is one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience depicted in Sophocles' play Antigone? 
When did Percy Shelley write the political poem The Mask of Anarchy? 
What has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official? 
What does LeGrande say is difficult, if not impossible? 
What is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen's relation to the state and its laws? 
What is the final judge of right and wrong? 
What do some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities? 
What does Black's Law Dictionary include in its definition of civil disobedience? 
What does non-revolutionary civil disobedience mean? 
What did the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience take place during the Roman Empire? 
What is the name of a civil disobedience? 
Who was arrested for sending an email to the Lebanon, New Hampshire city councilors stating, "Wise up or die"? 
What do some forms of civil disobedience make it harder for a system to function? 
What do civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers? 
What is an important decision for civil disobedients? 
When did the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsor a protest? 
How many times do protesters choose to go to jail as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice? 
What did some civil disobedience defendants choose to make in allocution? 
What is one theory that disobedience may be helpful? 
What type of civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not, itself, the object of protest? 
What is a major goal of criminal punishment? 
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure? 
What type of work requires collaboration across multiple disciplines? 
What are the three sectors of construction in general? 
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry? 
What is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings? 
What is the cost of construction on a per square meter basis for houses? 
What are the new techniques of building construction being researched? 
What type of design team is most commonly employed by the property owner? 
What is the modern trend in design toward integration of previously separated specialties? 
What happens when builders ask for too little money to complete the project? 
What does a project that fails to adhere to codes do not benefit the owner? 
What is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations? 
What are new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting? 
What is the most common method of construction procurement? 
What is the name of a project that the owner produces? 
Before the foundation can be dug, what are contractors typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked? 
What is the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees in the United States in 2014? 
What is the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the Middle East? 
What is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world? 
What is the name of private schools? 
What is the term used in the United Kingdom and several other Commonwealth countries? 
What is the term for the secondary level? 
What is a subcategory of private schools? 
What is the social status of the 'old school tie' in Australia? 
What are some of the best known independent schools? 
What is the right to create private schools in Germany? 
What are ordinary primary or secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or religious groups? 
What are the secondary or post-secondary schools that are run by private individuals, private organizations or rarely, religious groups? 
What is an aided or unaided school in India? 
How many non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in India? 
What is the average fee in Ireland for most private schools? 
How many schools were assimilated into the National School system after Malaysia's independence? 
What is the other category of schools? 
How many private schools in New Zealand are in decline since the mid-1970s? 
What is King's College and Diocesan School for Girls in Auckland? 
What percentage of primary enrollment is the private sector in the Philippines? 
What scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools? 
What were some of the oldest schools in South Africa established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century? 
In what year did white government schools have the option to convert to a "semi-private" form? 
What percentage of Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008? 
Who prefers to be called independent schools because of their freedom to operate outside of government and local government control? 
In what case did Brown v. Board of Education in Topeka decide to desegregate United States schools with all deliberate speed? 
What is generally provided for private schools through student tuition, endowments, scholarship/voucher funds? 
What was the beginning of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? 
When did quality private schools in the United States charge substantial tuition? 
What is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States? 
What is a large, highly residential research university? 
What is the largest financial endowment of any academic institution in Boston? 
What was the name of the college at New Towne? 
How many Puritan ministers were trained in the early years of the College? 
When did the Hollis Professor of Divinity die? 
In what year did the natural history lectures of Louis Agassiz be acclaimed? 
What was the most crucial figure in the secularization of American higher education? 
What was James Bryant Conant's first president? 
How many men attended Harvard College for every woman studying at Radcliffe? 
What is the main campus of Harvard's 209-acre main campus? 
How many of the university's athletics facilities are located on a campus opposite the Cambridge campus in Allston? 
How many tracts of land has Harvard purchased in Allston? 
How many professors, lecturers, and instructors do Harvard's 2,400 professors instruct? 
What was the largest university endowment in the world? 
In what year did the South African movement divest? 
What is characterized by the Carnegie Foundation as "more selective, lower transfer-in"? 
What does the four-year, full-time undergraduate program emphasize? 
How many half-courses do Harvard's academic programs operate on a semester calendar? 
What was the total cost of attendance for the 2012–13 school year? 
What is the largest academic library in the United States? 
How many arts, cultural, and scientific museums are located in the Harvard Art Museums? 
How many university rankings have Harvard consistently ranked? 
Who competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA Division I Ivy League? 
What year did Harvard's football team win the Rose Bowl? 
What is the name of the Malkin Athletic Center known as? 
What was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools? 
Who was the U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon? 
Who is the Civil rights leader? 
Who is the biologist at Harvard? 
What is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida? 
What is Jacksonville in the First Coast region of northeast Florida? 
What has made Jacksonville a major military and civilian deep-water port since the late 19th century? 
In what year did a University of North Florida team discover some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the United States? 
In what year did Jean Ribault chart the St. Johns River? 
In what year did Spain cede Florida to the British? 
When was Jacksonville a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from Florida to aid the Confederate cause? 
When did Jacksonville and St. Augustine become popular winter resorts for the rich and famous? 
What was the name of the first multi-story building built by Klutho? 
What was the name of the "Winter Film Capital of the World" in the 1910s? 
What did the construction of highways lead residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs? 
How much of the city's tax base dissipated? 
In what years did corruption scandals arise among the city's officials? 
When a consolidation referendum was held in 1967, who approved the consolidation referendum? 
What is the total area of Jacksonville? 
What is the tallest building in Downtown Jacksonville's skyline? 
What is a humid subtropical climate in Jacksonville? 
What is the average monthly temperature in January to 82 F in July? 
What was the strongest effect on Jacksonville from Hurricane Dora in 1964? 
What is the twelfth most populous city in the United States? 
What percentage of households had children under the age of 18 living with them? 
In what year did the richest 1% of adults own 40% of global assets? 
What do capitalist firms use to substitute capital equipment for labor inputs? 
What is a purely capitalist mode of production? 
What does a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time will result in a low wage for that job? 
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level? 
What is the difference between the Gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the Gini index after taxation? 
What factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals' access to education? 
In what year did the mass high school education movement decrease? 
What does John Schmitt and Ben Zipperer point to as one of the causes of economic inequality? 
Who estimates that trade liberalization has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the United States? 
What is a Gender pay gap in many countries in favor of males in the labor market? 
What economist argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development? 
What was the Kuznets curve? 
What is a process by which newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities? 
What does Joseph Stiglitz argue that market forces should serve as a brake on concentrations of wealth and income? 
What are higher rates of health and social problems? 
Which Nobel Prize winner said rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem? 
Who found higher rates of health and social problems in countries and states with higher inequality? 
How many years did Americans live in the USA? 
What is the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries? 
What has been shown to be correlated with inequality in society? 
What is the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number? 
What do Conservative researchers argue that income inequality is not significant because consumption should be the measure of inequality? 
What has created deep financial 'fault lines' that have made financial crises more likely to happen than in the past? 
What is correlated with the duration of economic growth spells? 
What economists say increasing inequality harms economic growth? 
Who presented evidence that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand? 
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis that states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases? 
What were some theories developed in the 1970s? 
What role can economic growth play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals? 
How much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system in many poor and developing countries? 
How many researchers argue that a shortage of affordable housing is caused in part by income inequality? 
What are the costs of housing, pensions, education and health care shared by everyone? 
What is the difference between the economic inequality and environmental degradation? 
What is the vast disparities in wealth attribute to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners? 
Who argued that government redistributes wealth by force? 
What approach looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “capability deprivation”? 
How much income does an old, ill man cannot earn as much as a healthy young man? 
Who is a British science fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963? 
What was the first series of the 21st century produced by Russell T Davies? 
How many actors have headlined the series as the Doctor? 
What is the name of the Doctor who rarely travels alone? 
How many seasons did the BBC drama department produce the programme? 
Who worked for Columbia Pictures' tv arm in the United States? 
Who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series[note 2] and the 1996 telefilm? 
When did the phrase "Hiding behind (or 'watching from behind') the sofa enter British pop culture? 
What was the most violent of the drama programmes the BBC produced at the time? 
Who was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine? 
How many 45-minute, self-contained episodes did the 2005 revival change? 
How many Doctor Who instalments have been televised since 1963? 
How many episodes have been returned to the BBC from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast? 
What is the name of the BBC's "Official" reconstructions? 
Who introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character? 
What film would establish that a Time Lord can only regenerate 12 times for a total of 13 incarnations? 
In what year did William Hartnell return with Jon Pertwee? 
What was the name of the Eleventh Doctor in the 2013 episode of The Brain of Morbius? 
What is the name of the first serial of the programme? 
What is the main character of the show since the 2005 revival? 
When did Russell T Davies announce his intention to reintroduce classic icons of Doctor Who one step at a time? 
The Master is the Doctor's archenemy, a renegade Time Lord who wants to rule the universe? 
In what year did Derek Jacobi provide the character's re-introduction in the 2007 episode of "Utopia"? 
What was the original theme composed by Ron Grainer and realised by Delia Derbyshire of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop? 
What was the name of the new arrangement of the theme introduced in the 2007 Christmas special episode? 
Who recorded a version of the Doctor Who theme in the early 1970s? 
Who was the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years? 
How many soundtrack releases have been released since 2005? 
What was the first episode of Doctor Who repeated the day after the assassination of John F. Kennedy? 
What year did the ITV network strike? 
How many episodes have ever had their premiere showings on other channels than BBC One? 
In what year did the Australian Broadcasting Corporation first run the Australian Broadcasting Corporation? 
When did TVOntario pick up the show? 
Who recorded a special video introduction for each episode of "The Christmas Invasion" on 26 December 2005? 
What is a wide selection of serials available from BBC Video on DVD in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and the United States? 
Who played the Daleks in the 1970s? 
What was the success of the 2005 series produced by Russell T Davies? 
What was the Sarah Jane Adventures starring? 
When was Dimensions in Time produced for Children in Need? 
Who and the Curse of Fatal Death was made for Comic Relief in 1999? 
Who has also been referenced in popular culture and other science fiction? 
What was the earliest Doctor Who-related audio release? 
Who has released several different series of Doctor Who audios since 1999? 
How many Doctor Who books have been published from the mid-sixties to the present day? 
What was the name of the Doctor Who character created by BBC Television in the early 1960s? 
Who was the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor? 
Who was awarded an Institutional Peabody in 2013? 
Who won a Writers' Guild of Great Britain award for Best Writing in a Children's Serial in 1975? 
What was the highest-profile and most prestigious British television award for which the series has ever been nominated? 
What is the name of the private research university in Chicago? 
What is the largest university press in the United States? 
When was the University of Chicago incorporated? 
Who created and incorporated the University of Chicago as a coeducational, secular institution in 1890? 
What was the name of the university affiliated with in the 1890s? 
In what year did Robert Maynard Hutchins take office? 
In what year did student applications decline? 
What was the name of the Kalven Report? 
In what year did the University of Chicago begin a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects? 
What were the first buildings of the University of Chicago campus? 
In what year was Eero Saarinen contracted to develop a second master plan? 
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District? 
Who oversees the long-term development and plans of the University of Chicago? 
What are the academic bodies of the University of Chicago? 
What is the College of the University of Chicago's Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees? 
What is the name of the core curriculum at the University of Chicago? 
What is the name of the university that runs the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools? 
What is the 11th most among library systems in the United States? 
What is the center for Near Eastern Studies owned and operated by the university? 
What is the nameake of the Chicago school of economics supported by Milton Friedman and other economists? 
What is the name of the UChicago Arts program? 
In what year did the University of Chicago enroll 5,792 students in the College? 
In what year did the Maroons compete in the NCAA's Division III? 
What is the name of the University of Chicago's Recognized Student Organizations? 
What are all Recognized Student Organizations funded by The University of Chicago Student Government? 
What is one co-ed community service fraternity at the University of Chicago? 
What year has the University of Chicago held the University of Chicago Scavenger Hunt? 
Who is the third richest man in America? 
Who was the founder of modern community organizing Saul Alinsky? 
Who is the author of the New York Times bestseller Before I Fall Lauren Oliver? 
Who is the minimalist composer in the arts and entertainment? 
Who is a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life? 
Who is a major advisor to Ronald Reagan and Conservative British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher? 
Who is the founder of McKinsey & Co.? 
What was the name of the Yuan dynasty? 
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty after the division of the Mongol Empire? 
In what year did Kublai Khan establish the Yuan dynasty? 
In what year did Genghis Khan join the Mongol and Turkic tribes of the steppes? 
How many Han Chinese and Khitan defected to the Mongols to fight against the Jin? 
Who lived in the Jin dynasty? 
When did Möngke Khan start a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty? 
When did Ogedei's grandson refuse to submit to Kublai? 
Who readied the move of the Mongol capital from Karakorum in Mongolia to Khanbaliq in 1264? 
How did Kublai Khan promote commercial, scientific, and cultural growth? 
What was the name of the Duke Yansheng Kong Duanyou who fled to Qufu? 
What was the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich Yangzi River basin? 
What was Kublai's second invasion of Japan in 1281? 
In what year did the Duan dynasty be appointed as governors-general? 
Who was the first Yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream Chinese culture? 
Who was Emperor Gegeen Khan's son and successor? 
When did Yesün Temür die in Shangdu? 
What was the name of the Academy of the Pavilion of the Star of Literature? 
Who was the last of the nine successors of Kublai Khan? 
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty marked by? 
In what year did the Red Turban Rebellion start and grew into a nationwide uprising? 
What was the major cultural achievements of the Yuan dynasty? 
When were Western musical instruments introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts? 
The first recorded travels by Europeans to China and back date from this time? 
Who helped the Yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year? 
What was the first time that non-native Chinese people ruled all of China? 
What was the name of the system of bureaucracy created by Kublai Khan? 
What did the Ministry of Justice do in the Yuan administration? 
What was the average Mongol garrison family of the Yuan dynasty? 
How many great artists and writers were famous in the Yuan era? 
What religions were practiced during the Yuan dynasty? 
How did Zhu Shijie solve simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns? 
Who was divided into non-Mongol physicians called otachi and traditional Mongol shamans? 
What was the name of the Chinese medical tradition of the Yuan? 
Who was the Nestorian Christians of the Yuan court in 1263? 
What technology was transferred to the Mongols through Kingdom of Qocho and Tibetan intermediaries? 
What was the name of the paper money of the Yuan? 
When did the Mongols import Central Asian Muslims to serve as administrators in China? 
What did the Yuan Emperors restrict to Muslims? 
What was the reason for the order of the classes and why people were placed in a certain class? 
When did the Mongols place the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans? 
What part of the Central Region was considered the most important region of the dynasty? 
What is Kenya's capital and largest city? 
What is Kenya's warm and humid tropical climate on its Indian Ocean coastline? 
What region has been inhabited by humans since the Lower Paleolithic period? 
What is the name of the Republic of Kenya? 
What did Ludwig Krapf call Kenia and Kegnia believed to be a corruption of the Kamba version? 
What is the name of the "Big Five" game animals of Africa? 
How many years ago did primates roam the area? 
When did the Swahili build Mombasa into a major port city? 
In what century did the Kenyan Coast host many merchants and explorers? 
What was the name of the Protectorate? 
How many members of the Kikuyu people lived in the central highlands? 
How many Mau Mau supporters were killed by the Home Guard on 21 October 1956? 
What was the first direct elections for native Kenyans to the Legislative Council? 
What was the mlolongo system seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime? 
Who is the head of state and head of government in Kenya? 
Who ranks low on Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index? 
When did Kibaki run for re-election against the Orange Democratic Movement? 
What was the executive director of TAABCO Research and Development Consultants in Nairobi? 
Who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in Parliament? 
What was a constitutional change considered that would eliminate the position of Prime Minister? 
In what year did President Uhuru Kenyatta sign a Security Laws Amendment Bill? 
What are the armed forces regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world? 
What have Kenya’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? 
What percentage of Kenyans lived on less than $1.25 a day? 
What is East and Central Africa's biggest economy's biggest economy's growth in the service sector? 
What percentage of Kenya's GDP is dominated by tourism? 
What is the second largest contributor to Kenya's gross domestic product? 
How many pigeon peas can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall? 
What is one of the most successful agricultural production regions in Africa? 
What is the most industrially developed country in the African Great Lakes region? 
What Act has given Kenya a boost to manufacturing in recent years? 
What is the largest share of Kenya's electricity supply? 
What is Kenya's oil reserves estimated to be about 10 billion barrels? 
What was Kenya's largest source of foreign direct investment? 
In what year did the Kenyan government unveil Vision 2030? 
What are Kenya's two official languages used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations? 
What percentage of Kenyans are Christian? 
What percentage of the Muslim population lives in Kenya's Coastal Region? 
What percentage of the population visits dispensaries, health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas? 
How many Kenyans live below the poverty level? 
What was Kenya's first system of education introduced by British colonists? 
What was the current 8–4–4 system launched in January 1985? 
How many years does basic formal education start at the age of six? 
What percentage of the country's literacy level stands at? 
What is the body mandated to establish, equip, manage and maintain national and public libraries in Nairobi? 
What is the name of Kenya's best-known athletes? 
How many medals did Kenya win during the Beijing Olympics? 
Who has been a dominant force in women's volleyball in Africa in the past decade? 
How many years ago was Safari Rally a part of the World Rally Championship? 
What do Kenyans generally have three meals in a day? 
What is the main international treaty on climate change? 
Who is the chair of the IPCC since October 8, 2015? 
What is the IPCC Panel composed of? 
What is the name of the IPCC Trust Fund established by the United Nations Environment Programme and the World Meteorological Organization? 
Who does the IPCC do not carry out research? 
How many authors are responsible for writing and editing the material? 
In what year did 16 national science academies issue a joint statement on climate change? 
In what year did the IPCC finalize two IPCC Special Reports? 
What was not included in the final summary for policymakers? 
What was the name of the third assessment report? 
What was the MBH99 based graph featured in publicity? 
Who wrote joint letters to the House Committee on Energy and Commerce on 23 June 2005? 
How many proxy based temperature reconstructions were featured in the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report (AR4) published in 2007? 
What was the eve of the publication of the IPCC's major report on climate? 
What is another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the IPCC have actually understated them? 
What is Michael Oppenheimer's long-time participant in the IPCC? 
What is the IPCC process on climate change and its efficiency and success compared with dealing with other environmental challenges? 
Who compares the ozone depletion case to global warming? 
What does the IPCC operate on the basis of? 
How many climate scientists wrote in February 2010 in response to controversies regarding claims in the Fourth Assessment Report? 
What is chlorophyll's main role in photosynthesis? 
What is the name of the cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is one of many types of organelles in the plant cell? 
What are Cyanobacteria considered the ancestors of chloroplasts? 
How many years ago did a free-living cyanobacterium enter an early eukaryotic cell? 
What is the name of the chloroplasts that can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor? 
What is the name of the alga Cyanophora? 
What are the phycobilin pigments on the thylakoid membranes? 
What are the chloroplastidan chloroplasts? 
What is a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga? 
What type of chromalveolates are Apicomplexans? 
What is the most important apicoplast function? 
What is the most common dinophyte chloroplast? 
What did the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages lose? 
Who has a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte? 
What do some dinophytes have a diatom derived chloroplast? 
What is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently? 
What is the name of the plastome? 
What are the inverted repeat regions highly conserved among land plants? 
What is the mechanism for chloroplast DNA replication? 
How many A  G deamination gradients are found in cpDNA? 
What is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages? 
How many of the protein products of transferred genes aren't even targeted back to the chloroplast? 
When is a chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol? 
What are chloroplasts generally lens-shaped? 
What is often cited as evidence that chloroplasts are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria? 
What is often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? 
When did chloroplast membranes protrude out into the cytoplasm? 
What is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum found in? 
What is the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes? 
What are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across? 
When were Plastoglobuli thought to be free-floating in the stroma? 
What are the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae? 
What are the two types of thylakoids? 
How many photosynthetic carotenoids are found in the photosystems? 
What is a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria? 
What enzyme is used to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis? 
What are chloroplasts in C4 mesophyll cells and bundle sheath cells specialized for each stage of photosynthesis? 
What are the chloroplasts that make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green? 
What are chloroplasts found in plants such as cacti? 
What can the chloroplasts of plant and algal cells orient themselves to best suit the available light? 
What are the two main immune responses in plants? 
What can chloroplasts serve as? 
What is one of the main functions of the chloroplast? 
What is hydrogen ion gradient used to generate ATP energy? 
What enzyme starts by using Rubisco to fix CO2 into five-carbon Ribulose bisphosphate molecules? 
How can glucose monomers in the chloroplast be linked together to make starch? 
What can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high? 
What is the name of the chloroplast that makes almost all of a plant cell's amino acids? 
What is a special type of a plant cell organelle called? 
What is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll? 
What are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit? 
What does the division process start when the proteins FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 assemble into filaments? 
What is the inner plastid-dividing ring located in? 
What is a requirement for chloroplast division? 
How many plants have chloroplasts caught attention lately? 
What is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1? 
What is the property of being prime? 
How many primes are shown by Euclid around 300 BC? 
What is Goldbach's conjecture about prime numbers? 
What does the image at the right illustrate that 12 is not prime? 
How many early Greeks did not consider 1 to be a number? 
What does Euclid's fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold? 
What are the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers? 
When did Pierre de Fermat prove Fermat's little theorem? 
What is the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n? 
What do modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into? 
What is a very simple example of a probabilistic test? 
What are prime numbers of this form? 
What are some of the largest known primes of the mentioned types? 
Are prime for any natural number n? 
How many primes can be seen using the zeta function? 
What is the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating from 1859? 
What is Riemann's hypothesis that many more conjectures are revolving about primes? 
What is a third type of conjecture? 
What was seen as a canonical example of pure mathematics for a long time? 
What does Fermat's little theorem say is a sufficient condition for p to be prime? 
What are 512-bit primes used for RSA and 1024-bit primes for Diffie–Hellman? 
What is the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus Magicicada? 
What is the concept of prime number so important that it has been generalized in different ways in various branches of mathematics? 
What is an algebraic structure where addition, subtraction and multiplication are defined? 
What does the fundamental theorem of arithmetic hold in unique factorization domains? 
When is the notion of number replaced with that of ideal? 
What is the point of algebro-geometric objects via the notion of the spectrum of a ring? 
What is the difference between the absolute value and the absolute value? 
Which composer used prime numbers to create ametrical music through "natural phenomena"? 
What river begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps? 
How many variant forms of the name of the Rhine in modern languages are all derived from the Gaulish name Rnos? 
How long is the Rhine shortened from the river's natural course? 
Where is the Anterior Rhine and the Posterior Rhine formed? 
What is the name of the inland delta of the Rhine into Lake Constance? 
What was a regulation of the Rhine called for in order to counteract the constant flooding and sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta? 
What is the name of the Lake Constance? 
What does the flow of cold, gray mountain water continue for some distance into the lake? 
When does the Rhine emerge from Lake Constance? 
What is the name of the first major city in the course of the stream? 
In what century was the Upper Rhine region changed significantly by a Rhine straightening program? 
What is the longest river in Germany? 
How many plants and factories can be found along the Rhine up into Switzerland? 
What is the name of the Rhine Gorge between Rüdesheim am Rhein and Koblenz? 
What is the largest conurbation in Germany? 
What does the Dutch name Rijn no longer coincide with? 
What is the second third of the water flowing through the Pannerdens Kanaal? 
What is the name of the river Rijn used for? 
When is the Rhine-Meuse Delta the most important natural region of the Netherlands? 
What is the name of the Rhine delta determined by? 
When did the Meuse flow south of today's line Merwede-Oude Maas to the North Sea? 
What are the main arms of the current delta? 
What is the Rhine-Meuse Delta? 
In what period was the stage set in the Triassic Period of the Mesozoic Era? 
What caused a N–S rift system to develop in this zone? 
By what period did the Rhine capture streams down to the Vosges Mountains? 
How many years ago was the geological period of the Ice Ages? 
When did the last glacial run from 74,000 (BP = Before Present) until the end of the Pleistocene? 
What did the Rhine's current course do during the last Ice Age? 
In what year did the sea level rise in the southern North Sea rise? 
When did the Rhine occupy its Late-Glacial valley? 
How many avulsions have occurred in the delta since 3000 yr BP? 
What do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to the North Sea? 
When did the Rhine first enter the historical period in the 1st century BC? 
What was Augustus' death in AD 14 until after AD 70? 
How many legions did the Romans keep in five bases along the Rhine? 
Which Germanic tribes crossed the Rhine in the Migration period? 
In what century was the Rhine within the borders of Francia? 
What was a long-term goal of French foreign policy since the Middle Ages? 
When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? 
When was the Rhine bridge at Arnhem immortalized in the book A Bridge Too Far? 
What was the generally accepted length of the Rhine until 1932? 
In what year did the Scottish electorate vote for devolution? 
How many years was Scotland directly governed by the Parliament of Great Britain and the subsequent Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
Who would set up an elected assembly in Edinburgh? 
What party controlled the government of the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s? 
What is the official home of the Scottish Parliament since September 2004? 
What was the permanent building at Holyrood being constructed? 
What was the former administrative building of Lothian Regional Council on George IV Bridge used for the MSP's offices? 
What is the only secret ballot conducted in the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the role of the Presiding Officer in the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body? 
What is a hemicycle in the debating chamber of the Scottish Parliament? 
What is the name of the parliamentary mace in front of the Presiding Officers' desk? 
What is the verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates? 
What is the first item of business in meetings of the House of Commons? 
Who decides who speaks in chamber debates and how much time is allowed to speak in chamber debates? 
When do MSPs decide on all motions and amendments that have been moved that day? 
Which party usually instructs members which way to vote? 
What is a debate on a motion proposed by an MSP who is not a Scottish minister? 
How much of the work of the Scottish Parliament is done in committees? 
What are the current Mandatory Committees in the fourth Session of the Scottish Parliament? 
What are the Subject Committees established at the beginning of each parliamentary session? 
What was the Scottish Act 1998 passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom? 
What does the Scottish Parliament have the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound? 
What is the Scottish Parliament unable to legislate on? 
What is the first, or introductory stage of the bill? 
What stage is the final stage of the bill? 
What does the Presiding Officer submit to the Monarch for royal assent? 
What is the name of the party that holds the majority of seats in the Parliament? 
What are ordinary general elections for the Scottish Parliament held on the first Thursday in May every four years? 
Who can deliver statements to Parliament upon which MSPs are invited to question? 
When is Parliamentary time set aside for question periods in the debating chamber? 
What are 73 of the 129 MSPs elected to represent first past the post constituencies? 
What was the House of Commons Disqualification Act 1975 and the British Nationality Act 1981? 
What was the first time in the Scottish Parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority? 
What seat was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie lost to the SNP? 
What is Islamism also known as? 
What party is the Tunisian Ennahda Movement? 
What is a major division within Islamism? 
What is Islamism a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for Islam? 
What is a way of life that Islamists believe in? 
When did Western and pro-Western governments support Islamists and Islamist groups? 
What was Sadat's policy of opening Egypt to Western investment? 
What did the Saudi-based Wahhabism or Salafism promote? 
When did Iqbal study law and philosophy in England and Germany? 
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League? 
What was Sayyid Abul Ala Maududi's role in the Islamic revival in India? 
What did Maududi think Muslim society could not be Islamic without Sharia? 
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood in Ismailiyah in 1928? 
What was the only opposition group in Egypt able to field candidates during elections? 
What constituted a pivotal event in the Arab Muslim world during the Six-Day War? 
What was Ali Shariati's ideologue of the Iranian Revolution? 
What has the Islamic Republic maintained its hold on power in Iran in spite of US economic sanctions? 
In what year did the Soviet Union deploy its 40th Army into Afghanistan? 
What was the problem with Saddam's defeat? 
What did Qutb's ideas become more radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966? 
What organization was responsible for the assassination of Anwar Sadat in 1981? 
What group employed violence in their struggle for Islamic order in the 1990s? 
When did the First Palestine Intifada take place? 
In what year did Hamas kill 542 people in 140 suicide bombings? 
How many years did Sudan have an Islamist regime under the leadership of Hassan al-Turabi? 
In what year did al-Nimeiry overtake al-Nimeiry? 
What is the name of the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria? 
What did the mujahideen win against the Soviet Union in the 1980s? 
What was the name of the Deobandi movement established for impoverished Afghan refugees? 
In what year did General Zia-ul-Haq overtrow Prime Minister Ali Bhutto's regime? 
What is the name of "Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"? 
What was the name of the Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad? 
What is HT's view of the Caliphate? 
What does HT do not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system? 
What is the name of the Muslim population in Greater London? 
What was the name of the U.S. government's efforts to counter Islamism? 
What is the Latin word for Imperialism? 
What is a policy of extending a country’s power and influence through diplomacy or military force? 
Who used the term imperialism in slightly more discriminating fashion to mean all kinds of domination or control by a group of people over another? 
What is the closest modern English equivalent? 
What is the term "imperialism" often conflated with? 
What do imperialism and colonialism do? 
What is a controversial aspect of imperialism based on? 
What did the Royal Geographical Society of London and other geographical societies in Europe have? 
Who suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of European guidance? 
What are the principles of imperialism generally generalizable to? 
What did Edward Said say about Orientalism refer to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East? 
What was Bassett's analysis of during the "scramble for Africa"? 
What is cultural imperialism when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles? 
What period began in the Age of Imperialism around 1700? 
Who built a framework for understanding European imperialism? 
What was the focus of Europe's expansion into territorial imperialism? 
What did Europe continue to advance in military technology? 
What was the term "Imperialism" introduced into English in the late 1870s? 
How many historians and political theorists pioneered much of the debate? 
What was the concept of environmental determinism used to categorically place indigenous peoples in a racial hierarchy? 
What was the name of the British East India Company established in 1599? 
In what year did France take control of Algeria? 
In what year was Jules Ferry the leading exponent of colonialism declared France had a civilising mission? 
In what year did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French use the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate France? 
What did Germanic tribes expand throughout northern and western Europe in the middle period of classical antiquity? 
What was Germany’s participation in Western imperialism negligible until the late 19th century? 
In what year did Germany start to build a colonial empire in Africa and the South Pacific? 
What was Japan's first Sino-Japanese War in 1894? 
When did Bolsheviks effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire? 
Who believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution? 
What was the name of the First British Empire? 
What was the Scramble for Africa and major additions in Asia and the Middle East? 
What did the early United States express its opposition to Imperialism? 
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society? 
What type of imperialism is distinct from informal U.S. imperialism? 
When was the Ottoman Empire an imperial state? 
What was the center of interactions between the Eastern and Western worlds for six centuries? 
In what century was the United Methodist Church a leader in Evangelicalism? 
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement? 
What was the name of the movement which became The United Methodist Church in the mid-18th century? 
In what year did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to the American Indians in the colony of Georgia? 
When did John Wesley want the Methodists to stay within the Church of England? 
When was St. George's United Methodist Church founded? 
Who was the first African American ordained by the Methodist Church? 
How many years has Methodism in the United States seen a number of divisions and mergers? 
What does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of? 
Who was compelled to break with standard practice in 1784? 
How many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition? 
What is the grace that "goes before" us? 
What is justifying Grace or Accepting Grace? 
What is the grace of God that sustains the believers in the journey toward Christian Perfection? 
What is The Book of Discipline characterized as Arminian theology? 
What is the sanctity of human life in the United Methodist Church? 
What church holds that women are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother? 
When did John Wesley warn against the dangers of drinking? 
What does the United Methodist Church say is a reason for taking human life? 
Who was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999? 
How many organizations, conferences, and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the LGBT community within the UMC? 
What does the United Methodist Church oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture? 
What does the United Methodist Church maintain that war is incompatible with Christ's message and teachings? 
What teaches that pornography is about violence, degradation, exploitation, and coercion? 
What does the UMC support for research on embryos created for IVF that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased? 
How many notable heroes and heroines of the Christian faith may be named after? 
What is the highest level of the United Methodist Church organized into? 
What are the jurisdictional and central conferences that are subordinate to the General Conference? 
What is one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils? 
What is the highest court in the denomination? 
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC? 
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors? 
How many colleges and universities are affiliated with the United Methodist Church? 
Who was the priest of the Church of England? 
What are all clergy appointments made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the Annual Conference Cabinet? 
What are Elders called by God? 
What are deacons called by God? 
When did the ordination order of transitional deacon be abolished? 
What is the official title of a local pastor? 
Who practices infant and adult baptism? 
What is Baptism a sacrament in the UMC? 
What is the name of the lay servant in the United Methodist Church? 
What is one tradition within the Christian Church? 
In what year did the United Methodist Church enter into full communion with the African Methodist Episcopal Church? 
How many members did the United Methodist Church have in the United States in recent decades? 
What percentage of UMC delegates were from Africa during the 2008 General Conference? 
Who is a member of the Wesleyan Holiness Consortium? 
What was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War? 
What was the name of the war between New France and the British colonies? 
In what year did the British colonial governors meet with General Braddock? 
What was the result of a failed expedition against Louisbourg and the Siege of Fort William Henry? 
What was one of the most significant developments in a century of anglo-French conflict? 
What was the second war in King George's reign in the 1740s? 
What is the name of the North American theater of the Seven Years' War? 
How many French people lived in the St. Lawrence River valley? 
What number of British settlers outnumbered the French 20 to 1? 
What tribes did the French use their trading connections to recruit fighters from in the Great Lakes region? 
What was the name of the French regular army troops in North America? 
How many Indians was Céloron's expedition force? 
When did Céloron's expedition arrive at Logstown? 
What does Céloron write about the Natives of these localities? 
In what year did the British government give land to the Ohio Company of Virginia? 
Who signed the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle in 1748? 
What was the name of the Governor-General of New France? 
What was the name of the Iroquois who sent runners to the manor of William Johnson? 
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to? 
What is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected?
When was the construction that changed the Rhine's Delta?
What type of Delta is the Rhine-Meuse?
Besides rivers, what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers?
What does a high tide risk near lands?
Between Brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected?
The present Mediterranean Sea descends from what sea?
What period did plates reverse directions to compress the Tethys floor?
Microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what?
What period opened the Tethys Ocean?
What pushed up the Pyrenees?
What rift system developed in the Alpine orogeny?
What elements from the rift system in the Alpine orogeny in Southwest Germany?
What time did a river system develop in the Upper Rhine Graben?
The Rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps?
How did the Rhine extend watershed southward?
What period did the Rhine capture streams?
Where are the streams the Rhine captured?
What period was 2.5 million years ago?
How many major ice ages have occurred?
How far did the sea level drop in the ice ages?
In early Pleistocene, what direction did the Rhine flow?
During glacial times, where was the mouth of the Rhine located?
When did the last glacial start?
When did the last glacial end?
Which direction did the Rhine flow during the last cold phase?
How much lower was the North Sea in the last cold phase than it is today?
Besides the North Sea and the Irish Channel, what else was lowered in the last cold phase?
What was the source of the Rhine in the last Ice Age?
What stretched across middle Europe in the last ice age?
When was the Last Glacial Maximum?
What covered Scandinavia, the Baltics, Scotland, and the Alps in the last Ice Age?
What is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra?
When did Europe slowly begin to warm up from the last Ice Age?
What did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do?
Where did the discharge from glaciers go in Europe in the last Ice Age?
When did rapid warming begin and help vegetation?
When was Europe fully forested and recovered from the last Ice Age?
When did tides and currents similar to our current system begin?
Why did natural sedimentation by the Rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea?
How long has the Rhine coastline been in the same location?
Why is the current sea level rising?
How quickly is the sea level rising?
When was the Holocene?
When did the formation of the Holocene Rhine-Meuse delta begin?
Where did the Rhine occupy during the Holocene?
What country did the Rhine continue to rise during the holocene?
When have humans started impacting the delta?
What has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the Rhine?
What increased in the Rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas?
When did embankment of the major Rhine distributaries take palce?
How many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas?
Where do the branches Waal and Nederrijn-Lek discharge to?
What do the Waal and the Nederrijn-Lek discharge throguh?
Where does the Ijssel branch flow?
What did the Zuider Zee brackish lagoon change into?
How many branches does the Rhine branch into?
When was the Rhine first discovered?
The Rhine first formed a boundary between Gaul and what else?
Since when was the Rhine part of the areal of Hallstatt culture?
Who first wrote about the Rhine's discovery and border?
When did Augustus die?
The Rhine and what other river were accepted as the Germanic frontier?
When did the Rhine stop being the Roman boundary?
Which direction did Romans use to drift through the Rhine?
Where are the upper Rhine and upper Danube crossed?
How many legions in five bases were along the Rhine by the Romans?
Vetra and I Germanica and XX Valeria were the two legions for what?
What was the Colonia Agrippina's original name?
What did the number of legions in Roman times depend on?
What does Colonia Agrippina's original name translate into?
When did Germanic tribes cross the Rhine to migrate?
What did Germanic tribes establish with help from the Rhine?
What is the translation of Siebengebirge?
Who is the hero who killed a dragon on the Drachenfels?
Who threw gold into the Rhine, according to legend?
When did the Rhine become borders with Francia?
When was the Rhine fully within the Holy Roman Empire?
The Rhine flowed through Swabia, Franconia and what other location in the 10th Century?
Who sold the Upper Rhine to Burgundy?
When was the Upper Rhine sold to Burgundy?
What was the name of the time the Upper Rhine form a border between France and Germany?
What was a long term goal of French foreign policy along the Rhine?
Who established the Confederation of the Rhine?
When was the confederation of the Rhine?
When was the Rhine crisis?
When was Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles?
When would the occupation of allies leave Rhineland?
After 1935, who would be forbidden to enter Rhineland?
What do some believe the Treaty of Versailles assisted in?
When did the German army reoccupy Rhineland?
Where is the Rhine Bridge?
What was the Rhine considered to invaders in WWII?
When was Operation Market Garden?
What bridge did the Germans fail to demolish?
What was the Warsaw Pact war plan?
What was the accepted length of the Rhine prior to 1932?
Who stated a change of the length of the Rhine?
Why was the Rhine measurement changed?
in 1932 what was the Rhine measurement changed to?
When was the Rhine measurement corrected back to the original?
When was the current parliament of Scotland convened?
What act set out the Parliament's powers as a devolved legislature?
The legislative competence of the Parliament species what areas?
To what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for?
The Scottish Parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers aren't already reserved by where?
What remained an important issue in Scottish national identity for many years?
How many hundred of years was Scotland directly governed by the parliament of Great Britain?
Why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved?
When was there a sharp rise in nationalism in Scotland?
What did Kllbrandon's report in 1973 recommend establishing?
Which sea was oil discovered in?
What campaigh did the Scottish National Party (SNP) run?
When did Prime Minister Wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature?
What did the SNP publicly opine about the oil revenues?
When was the final legislative proposals for a Scottish Assembly passed?
Where was an elected assembly to be set up, under the terms of the Scotland Act of 1978?
How many of the Scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum?
What percentage of the vote for a Scottish Assembly in favor of it?
How did trying to establish a devolved Scottish Assembly go in 1979?
What percentage of Scotland's voting population failed to actually vote?
In the range between 1980 and 1990, what did demand for grow?
Whose control of the UK's government helped fuel a desire for a Scottish Parliament?
When was the Scottish Constitutional Convention held?
What provided much of the basis for the structure of the Parliament in 1995?
Where has the official home of the Scottish Parliament been since 2004?
Who designed the Scottish Parliament building?
What nationality is the architect Enric Miralles?
What shape are some of the buildings in the Parliament complex?
Who opened the new Parliament building on October 9, 2004?
What was the building vacated twice to allow for?
Where was Parliament's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built?
Where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building?
In May 2002, where would you go to address the Parliament?
Where was Parliament temporarily relocated to in May of 2000?
Who did the Parliament rent additional buildings from?
What former administrative building was used for the MSP's offices?
What happened to the building on George IV Bridge when the Parliament was done with it?
What do the former Midlothian County Buildings face?
Which hall was used as Parliament's principle committee room?
Who is elected to serve as the Presiding Officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session?
Who is currently speaker of the Scottish Parliament?
What type of ballot is used to elect the Presiding Officer and deputies of the Parliament?
How many MSPs are there?
Who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks?
Who is responsible for ensuring the Parliament works smoothly?
Who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber?
How many seats must a political party have to be represented on the Parliamentary Bureau?
Who represents the Scottish Parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity?
What is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber?
Why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is?
How many seats are in the debating chamber?
How many members in the seats of the Scottish Parliament are members of the Scottish Government?
What can the non-elected members from the Scottish Government not do?
Where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from?
What is the parliamentary mace made of?
Who presented the mac to the Scottish Parliament when it was initially opened?
What words are inscribed on the mace of parliament?
What is the mace displayed in?
Which month is the first in the year Parliament takes a two week vacation?
Where do plenary meetings take place?
Who are debates and meetings open to?
How much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting?
What contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates?
What day of the week does the Time for Reflection take place?
How long might a speaker address the members during the Time of Reflection?
Who decides who gets to address the members of Parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith?
Because speakers are drawn from across Scotland, what do the represent the balance of?
What can faith groups ask the Presiding Officer to do for them?
Who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates?
What is also decided by the Presiding Officer?
What does the Presiding Officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers?
What members typically open debates?
What language other than English has the Scottish Parliament had meetings in?
What time do the MSPs normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day?
What is heralded by the sounding of the division bell?
What do MSPs who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do?
How do members vote when there is a division?
How long does it take to know the outcome of a division?
What can often be predicted beforehand?
Who normally instructs members how to vote?
Who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line?
What type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please?
What happens if a member doesn't vote the party line?
When is the Members Debate held?
Why are debates on proposed motions by an MSP conducted?
How long does the Members Debate last?
Who contributes to Members Business in addition to the proposer?
What does the minister who was the catalyst of the Members Business do by speaking after everyone else?
Where is much of the work of the Scottish Parliament done?
What are committees in the Scottish Parliament compared to other systems?
What is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role?
Taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees' what?
Where might committees meet outside of Parliament?
Who are committees comprised of?
What do the membership of the committees reflect?
Different committees have what set out in different ways?
What type of committee is set down under the SP's standing orders?
What session is the Scottish Parliament in?
When are subject committees established?
How many ministries of the Scottish government does a committee typically correspond to?
Economy, Energy and Tourism is one of the what?
What is the Scottish Parliament currently in the fourth of?
What is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders?
What topic do private bills typically have?
Who decides how land or property is allowed to be used?
What kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the Edinburgh Tram Network?
What act sets forth the functions of the Scottish Parliament?
Who gave her royal assent to the Scotland Act of 1998?
What does the Scotland Act of 2012 extend?
What body constitutes the supreme legislature of Scotland?
Who has the role of holding the Scottish Government to account?
Where are reserved matters stated in the Scotland Act?
If a matter is not specifically reserved, who is it devolved to?
Why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the Scottish Parliament?
How much can the SP alter income tax in Scotland?
Setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act?
What is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the Scottish Parliament?
Issues dealt with at Westminster are not ones who is able to deal with?
Where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on?
Most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom?
What may be presented to Parliament in various ways?
Who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill?
An MSP may introduce a bill as what?
Who may also submit private bills to Parliament?
How do bills pass through Parliament?
What is stage 1 in the life of a bill?
What are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself?
What do statements from the PO and member in charge of the bill also indicate?
Where are bills typically gestated in Stage 1?
If Parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill, what does it then proceed to?
What is the final stage of a bill in the Scottish Parliament?
How many parts does the consideration of a bill in Stage 3 have?
What vote on a bill takes place in Stage 3?
What type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table?
When do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?
Who does the Presiding Officer submit the final bill to?
Why is the final bill passed to the Monarch?
What is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law?
Who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it's within the powers of the Parliament?
What does the template for bills passed by the Scottish Parliament include?
What party forms the Scottish Parliament?
Who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be First Minister?
Who is elected at the beginning of each term?
Other than Scotland's Chief Law Officer, from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst?
Who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions?
What day of the week are general elections held?
What month, every four years, are the ordinary general elections held on?
Who may change the date by up to a month, on the proposal of the PO?
If an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election, what does it do to the ordinary election?
How many days does the Parliament have to nominate a First Minister after a General Election?
What enables the Scottish Parliament to scrutinize the government?
Who can question statements the First Minister or members of the cabinet make?
What does the First Minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year?
What do the leaders of the opposition parties and other MSPs question the First Minister about?
What is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber?
On what day does a General Question Time take place?
Who may members direct questions towards during General Question Time?
What may members question the First Minister about directly during First Minister's Question Time?
How many general questions are available to opposition leaders?
What is the number of Constituency MSPs?
When was there a reduction in the number of Scottish MPs?
How many members can voters choose to represent the constituency?
Why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors?
What is the current number of electors currently in a Scottish Parliament constituency?
How are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties?
What method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot?
The party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what?
What set is a seat added to after being allocated?
How is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined?
What does being an MSP share with the House of Commons?
When was the British Nationality Act passed?
How old most a person be to apply to be an MSP?
Members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the SP as elected MSPs?
What act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the SP must adhere?
When the election produced an SNP majority government, what was it the first occurrence of?
Who did the SNP obtain 16 seats from?
By how much did Labour lead Lain Gray retain East Lothian?
How many seats did the SNP take from the Liberal Democrats?
What did the result of the SNP majority allow a referendum be held on?
The loss of Edinburgh Pentlands really disappointed whom the most?
What was the seat of former party leader David McLetchie?
What net loss did the Conservatives suffer?
Who announced she would step down as leader of the Conservatives?
Who congratulated the SNP while vowing to campaign against their referendum?
What consequence of establishing the Scottish Parliament applies to Scottish MPs sitting in the UK House of Commons?
What are MPs unable to vote upon?
What phenomenon has led to criticism?
What party had a victory in the 2015 UK election?
MPs representing English constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country?
What is an Islamic revival movement?
What aspects of life does Islamism seek to integrate itself into?
What goal does Islamism have when it comes to society and government?
What have the two different Islamist movements been described as oscillating between?
One strategy of Islamization is to seize power by what methods?
What process do moderate and reformist Islamists work within the boundaries of?
Where does Hamas originate?
What is the goal of Islamist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas?
What do radical Islamist organizations reject entirely?
On what basis do the radical Islamist organizations conduct their attacks?
What exists between fundamentalist Islamism and reformist Islamism?
What did Olivier Roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century?
What did the Salafi movement put emphasis on?
What has Islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the Arab Spring?
Why do Islamists need democratic elections?
What type of role that Islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept?
What do supporters of Islamism believe their views reflect?
The idea that Islam can be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
What does the inability to separate Islam from Islamism lead many in the West to support?
What do progressive moderates of Islam seek to separate?
What term do Islamists think should be applied to them?
What does a writer for the International Crisis Group think the concept of political Islam is a creation of?
What was apolitical Islam?
When was the heyday of secular Arab nationalism?
What, rather than Islamism, requires explanation?
What did some of the Islamist groups supported by the West later become to be seen as?
When did Western governments support fledgling Islamists?
What did the non-Afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?
Who did the US provide aid to, to fight against the Soviet Union?
Western governments considered Islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom?
What did the non-Afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige?
Who is the President of Egypt?
What relationship with Israel is Sadat for?
What was Sadat seeking by releasing Islamists from prison?
When did the so called gentlemen's agreement between Sadat and the Islamists break down?
How was Sadat rewarded by the Islamists for his attempts to bring Egypt into modern times and civilization?
What type of interpretation of Islam does Salafism promote?
What does Salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with?
Salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century?
Conservative Islam classifies Muslims who follow Shia interpretation as what?
What interpretation of Islam is, for many of the adherents, the "gold standard" of their religion?
What type of movement is the Muslim Brotherhood?
The Muslim Brotherhood's competence compares well against what type of local governments?
What type of assistance to out of town students is the Muslim Brotherhood known for?
What are incompetent government's commitment to social justice limited to?
Why has the Muslim Brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies?
What was Iqbal studying in England and Germany?
What organization did Iqbal join in London?
Who was Iqbal a critic of?
What year did Iqbal return to Lahore?
What book was Iqbal's seven English lectures published as?
What did Iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of Islam and Muslim society?
Iqbal worried that India's mostly Hindu population would do what to Muslim heritage and culture?
When Iqbal promoted ideas of greater Islamic political unity, what did he encourage ending?
When was Iqbal elected president of the Muslim League?
What did Iqbal's Allahabad address inspire?
Who was an important figure in the twentieth-century Islamic revival in India?
Maududi was trained as a lawyer, but chose what professional for himself instead?
When did Maududi found the Jamaat-e-Islami party?
Where did Maududi exert the most impact?
Where did Maududi's books place Islam?
Who was an important early figure in the Islamic revival in India?
Though trained as a lawyer, what profession did Maududi pursue instead?
Where did Maududi exert the most impact?
Where did Maududi's books place Islam?
What did Maududi believe Muslim society could not be Islamic in the absence of?
Maududi believed that Islam needed what to be established?
What is the English translation of tawhid?
What type of revolution did Maududi advocate?
By what method did Maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals?
When was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?
Where was the Muslim Brotherhood founded?
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood?
The motto of the Muslim Brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution?
What influence did Al Banna wish to eliminate from the Muslim world?
Some elements of the Brotherhood directed what action against the government?
When was Al-Banna assassinated?
Who was Al-Banna's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of?
When was the Brotherhood first banned in Egypt?
What Egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the Brotherhood?
What status has the Brotherhood obtained in the Islamic world?
What percentage of seats did political parties identifying as Islamist win in the Egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012?
For many years, what was the Brotherhood described as?
The Brotherhood was the only opposition group in Egypt able to do what during elections?
Who was the first democratically elected president of Egypt?
What was the defeat of the Arab troops at the hand of the Israeli troops during the Six-Day War?
The defeat of the Arab troops in the Six-Day War constituted what for the Arab Muslim world?
Secular Arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of Arab troops as well as what type of stagnation?
What happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the Six-Day War?
What gained ground when Arab nationalism suffered?
Mohammad Iqbal was what type of father to the State of Pakistan?
Who was the ideologue of the Iranian Revolution?
Where does Khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to Mawdudi and Qutb?
Who was it essential to Islam to imitate?
What long term agenda was the acts of plundering Muslim lands by the West?
What Republic has maintained its control of Iran?
Iran has assisted what type of groups in Iraq?
What type of sanctions has the US directed at Iran?
When did the Iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence?
Who stated he wanted Israel to vanish?
Who deployed its army into Afghanistan in 1979?
What was the Soviet Union trying to suppress with its army?
What did the conflict galvanize Muslims around the world to do?
How effective was the military use of the "Afghan Arabs"?
How many Muslims came from around the world to fight in Afghanistan?
What did the Gulf War inadvertently do in the early 1990s?
Whose occupation of Kuwait did the US military personal seek to put an end to?
Up until 1990, Saudi Arabia played an important role in restraining what groups?
What monarchy did western troops protect?
Whose puppet did Islamists accuse the Saudi regime of being?
Who did the attacks resonate most with?
What did Saudi Arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature?
Where did American troops remain stationed after Saddam's defeat?
Where did a bloody civil war break out?
Who masterminded many terror attacks?
Whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment?
When was Qutb executed?
What organization was led by Hasan al-Hudaybi?
What movements pursued a more radical direction?
When had the Brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals?
Who took up the path of violence?
When did the Egyptian Islamic Jihad assassinate Anwar Sadat?
Which leaders did the Islamic extremists attack?
What sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of?
Who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists?
What did al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya use to get its way?
Over 100 Egyptian police were victims of what group's campaign of terror?
When did Jamaa Islamiya renounce violence?
How did the Islamic Group's campaign to overthrow the government turn out?
Who has the Islamic Liberation Party attempted to assassinate?
Until 1987, what stance did the Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine take towards Israel?
What organization is devoted to Jihad against Israel?
What did the Hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage?
The Brotherhood's members are against consuming what beverage?
Where does HAMAS want to establish an Islamic state?
What organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in Palestine?
How many people did Hamas kill between 2000 to 2007?
What did Hamas win in the January 2006 legislative election?
When did Hamas drive the PLO out of Gaza?
What have Muslims praised Hamas for doing?
What type of regime ruled over Sudan for many years?
Who was the leader of the Islamist regime in Sudan?
What organization did General Gaafar al-Nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government?
How did Turabi build a strong economic base?
Where did Turabi place students sympathetic to his views?
When was al-Nimeiry overthrown?
How did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989?
Though Turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process, he strictly applied what after coming into power?
Who did the NIF regime harbor prior to 9/11?
What did the NIF try to unify Islamist opposition against?
One of FIS' agenda items was to force women to start doing what?
When was the FIS founded?
Where was the FIS formed?
What does the acronym FIS stand for?
What were the national elections in 1991 canceled by?
Unsurprisingly, the mujahideen's victory against the Soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what?
What type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords?
When did the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan collapse?
What did the civil war leave the state of Afghanistan's economy in?
How much of Afghanistan did the Taliban take over?
Thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization?
Where did support from governmental and religious groups come from?
The Taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what?
What did the Taliban want to subject the entire country to?
Who influenced the Taliban's ideology?
When was the regime in Pakistan overthrown by General Zia-ul-Haq?
What had Bhutto planned on banning within six months, before he was overthrown?
What was Zia-ul-Haq's official state ideology?
What was Zia-ul-Haq accused of using Islamization to legitimize?
When was Zia-ul-Haq killed?
What type of group is The Islamic State?
Who leads The Islamic State?
How many people did the Islamic State control the territory of as of March 2015?
What does the Islamic State lack from the international community?
What did the Islamic State proclaim itself in 2014?
When did ISIL pledge allegiance to al-Qaeda?
When did Western forces invade Iraq?
Why did al-Qaeda tell ISIL to take a hike?
When did the Syrian Civil War begin?
What has the United Nations designed ISIL?
What's the party's take on Muslim history?
When did the four rightly guided Caliphs die?
When was the Ottoman Caliphate abolished?
The abolition of the Ottoman Caliphate is believed to have ended what system?
What are colonial powers blamed for?
What type of jihad does HT avoid engaging in?
How does HT strive to amass power?
Who specifically does HT target to change the opinion of?
Where did HT fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974?
What have many HT members graduated to joining?
How many Muslims are in Greater London?
What type of outlook do some of the Muslims in London have?
When did the Channel 4 documentary Undercover Mosque air?
The perceived British policy of being hands off of its Muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for London?
What was Abu Hamaz al-Masri charged with when he was arrested?
How long as the U.S. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter Islamism?
What department in the U.S. spearheaded the efforts against Islamism?
Who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the Islamism ideology?
What position in the government does Robert Gates hold?
What was the U.S. Information Agency charged with doing during the Cold War?
The word imperialism has it's origins in which ancient language?
By what means is imperialism usually administered?
The term imperialism has been applied to western countries, and which eastern county?
Imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what?
Imperialism extends a country's power and what?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique?
Informal imperialism is still dominant; however, less what?
A forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what?
colonial rule, or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism?
Some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what?
What subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area?
Which is more costly, formal, or informal imperialism?
The amount of land a country controls is its greatest what?
Western Imperialism divided the globe according to which theory?
Who suggested that imperialism was the "highest" form of capitalism?
One country's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what?
Most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport?
Imperialism is confused with what other term?
What does colonialism lack that imperialism has?
Colonialism as a policy is caused by financial and what other reasons?
Who besides the Russians are often left out of the colonialism debat?
Imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what?
Political advantage is an attribute of which state policies?
Colonialism often means a country doing what?
How would one create an empire by means of Imperialism?
What is colonialism's core meaning?
what do conquering people pass down to native populations?
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism?
Friedrich Ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive?
J. A. Hobson wanted which races to develop the world?
Which theory justifies imperialism in part?
In Latin America what is the most revered skin color?
Where was Friedrich Ratzel born?
Where was Halford Mackinder born?
Halford Mackinder and Friedrich Ratzel where what kind of geographers?
Friedrich Ratzel thought imperialism was what for the country?
How would the geographical societies in Europe support certain travelers?
Which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized?
According to Ellen Churchill Semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human?
Which book by Edward Said portrayed the east as being the "others?"
According to certain Geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce?
By justification certain racial and geographical theories, Europe thought of itself as what?
What law justified British imperialism?
When did Great Britain colonize Australia?
Imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty?
What were the native inhabitants of Australia called?
Terra Nullius is a Latin expression meaning what in English?
Orientalism refers to how the West developed a what of the East?
Early Western texts referencing the East describe the people as being what?
The West saw the East as what?
What was used by the West to justify control over eastern territories?
The West saw themselves as what compared to the east?
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea?
What provided an incentive to western empires to colonize Africa?
What were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps?
What did Basset analyze before coming to his conclusions?
Who besides the british colonized Africa?
During which era did the Aztec and Incan empires thrive?
Who used imperialism during their rule of the Mongol Empire?
How many Muslim empires have used imperialism?
Which is older the British Empire or the Ethiopian Empire?
The Asante and Lunda Empires were in which region?
When imperialism impacts social norms of a state, what is it called?
What is Cultural Imperialism often referred to as?
Which American show changed the views of Romanians during the cold war?
Which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites?
How do regimes fight against cultural imperialism?
When did the age of Imperialism begin?
What were European countries doing during the 1700's?
How many years have imperialistic practices existed?
When did the age of imperialism end?
What was the name of the imperialistic policy in China?
When was John Gallagher born?
When did Ronald Robinson die?
What profession were Ronald Robinson and John Gallagher?
What grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism?
Who was made rich and prosperous prior to World War 1
European imperialism was focused on what?
When did the colonization of India occur?
What did European empires rely on to supply them with resources?
Who did Britain exploit in India?
What advancements besides military technology did Europe achieve?
What did European chemists make that could be used in warfare?
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare?
What weapons were the Zulus using during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879?
Which region invented the machine gun?
Theories on imperialism use which country as a model?
When did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition?
What was the idealized value of imperialism?
According to Lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy?
some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism, imperialism, and what?
When was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism?
When were Joseph Schumpeter and Norman Angell at their most prolific writing period?
Hobson argued that imperialism was an international what?
How did Hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism?
What served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions?
What was thought to decide a person's behavior?
Humans in tropical environments were considered what?
Europe first colonized the Americas, then Asia, but what continent was third?
What were the two forms of environmental determinism?
Who thought the world could be split into climatic zones?
Which regions have temperate climates?
What did the the Europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of?
What was a similar view about the Asian continent called?
Who did the geographic scholars work for?
When is the earliest Britain had an imperialist policy?
When was the British East India Company established?
Who chartered the British East India Company?
What happened to the East India Trading Company in 1767?
Which country had trading posts in India before Britain?
When did France take control of Algeria?
When did France begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire?
What religion did the French spread along with their imperialism?
Where did France focus its efforts to rebuild its empire?
When did French Republicans back building the French empire?
Jules Ferry thought that the "higher races" have a duty to what?
What did France offer that was rare by imperial standards?
How did france differ from Britain in managing its colonies?
The French thought bringing what would uplift other regions?
Where did the French send a large number of settlers?
Where did Charles de Gaulle and the Free French run operations during World War 2?
After 1945, what challenged the French empire?
Where did France lose a war in the 1950's?
Where did France win a war in the 1950's
By when did most of France's Colonies gain independence?
Where were the Germanic tribes originally located?
What was the only region in Europe not conquered by the Germanic tribes?
When did the Germanic tribes claim territory in north and west Europe?
By when did the Germanic tribes conquer the Celtic peoples?
Germany referred to which area more so than an actual country?
Germany doesn't have an imperialistic past until when?
When was Otto von Bismarck born?
When was the the second German empire founded?
Who caused the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire?
What was Germany's central interest?
Besides Africa, where did Germany have imperial interests?
Colonies were a sign of what amongst European countries?
When did Germany found their first settlement?
What was the name of the first German settlement?
Who influenced Bismark besides his neighbors?
What happened as a result of the Russo-Japanese War?
When was the first Sino-Japanese War?
Which country did Japan force into an alliance?
Which area of China did Japan conquer in 1931?
Who along with Russia supported post WW-II communist movements?
When was the Russian Policy "Indigenization" defunded?
Who asserted Russia's right to "self-determination?"
After WW-II where did Russia apply its old Tsarist regimes?
Who had established the Russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921?
Trotsky thought what was needed for a true Russian revolution.
Who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism?
Who argued that the USSR had itself become an imperialist power?
Who was the leader of Russia in the 1960's?
What policy did Stalin implement shortly after Lenin's Death?
What was the first British empire based on?
When did Great Britain lose its colonies in North America?
What policy gave Britain dominance in world trade?
When did the Spanish and Portuguese colonies gain their independance.
When was the defeat of Napoleonic France?
By the late 19th century, which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world?
What kinds of sciences were Social Darwinism and theories of race?
Rudyard Kipling was an influential spokesman for what?
In which continent besides Asia were major gains made by the British Empire in the late 19th century?
How did the United States plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies?
What was the name of Theodore Roosevelt’s policy of imperialism?
What caused the US public to condemn the occupation of the philippines?
Which country besides the Cuba did the United states try to annex in 1898?
What did Smedley Butler call US foreign Policy?
Who was the director of the American Geographical Society in 1914?
When was Isiah Bowman appointed to President Wilson's Inquiry?
Who besides Woodrow Wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry?
What was the premise of Woodrow Wilson's inquiry?
What was Isiah Bowman nick name, as known by the public.
Some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism?
the US expansion Westward could be viewed as what type of colonialism?
How many Africans were brought into the United States during the slave trade?
Who does Edward Said say is being attacked by US imperialism?
When did the Ottoman Empire fall?
Who reigned over the Ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful.
How many provinces did the Ottoman empire contain in the 17th century?
The Ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents, Africa, Asia and which other?
When was the Ottoman empire at its height?
What was the capital of the Ottoman empire?
Who did the Ottoman empire ally with in WW I?
What ended Turkish imperial Ambitions?
Which country today is a remnant of the Ottoman empire?
What does UMC stand for?
What is the United Methodist Church?
When was the UMC founded?
Who founded the UMC?
What is the church's theological orientation?
What is the largest denomination within the wider Methodist movement?
Approximately how many adherents does the United Methodist Church have across the world?
In the United States the UMC ranks as the largest what?
What percentage of the U.S. population self-identify with UMC?
When did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin?
Where did the movement that would become The United Methodist Church begin?
Why was the student group called "the Methodists?"
In what year did John and Charles Wesley come to America to teach the gospel?
In 1735, where did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel in America?
In 1735, who did John and Charles Wesley teach the gospel to in America?
What did "The Holy Club's" teachings emphasize?
What caused the separation of the Methodists in the American colonies?
Who did Wesley appoint as bishop in 1784?
Where was the Baltimore Christmas Conference of 1784 held?
What is considered the Mother Church of American Methodism?
What church is located at the corner of 4th and New Streets in Philadelphia?
What is the oldest Methodist church in continuous use in the United States?
When was the congregation at St. George's founded?
Where did the congregation at St. George's initially meet in 1767?
When was the Methodist Episcopal Church founded?
Who became the first African Americans ordained by the Methodist Church?
Richard Allen and Absalom Jones were licensed by what church?
Richard Allen and Absalom Jones were licensed by St. George's Church in what year?
When did the Methodist Protestant Church split from the Methodist Episcopal Church?
Why did the Methodist Protestant Church split from the Methodist Episcopal Church?
When did the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church split into two conferences?
Why did the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church split into two conferences?
When was the United Methodist Church created?
Where did two leaders join hands and "give birth" to a new denomination?
Who was one man who joined hands and said "Lord of the Church, we are united in Thee...?"
The UMC understands itself to be part of what church?
What book recognizes the importance of the Chalcedonian Creed?
What is the concept of the visible and invisible Church?
Why was Wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters?
Who assisted Wesley with ordaining Whatcoat and Vasey as presbyters?
Who were the two lay preachers that Wesley ordained as presbyters?
When was the UMC formed?
Who were two of the founders of the United Methodist Church?
In 1968, who led the team which systematized denominational doctrine?
Who is largely considered the first United Methodist theologian?
What is the grace that "goes before us?"
What is that power that enables us to love?
What is Prevenient grace?
Prevenient grace allowas those tainted by what to make a choice to accept or reject God's salvation in Christ?
What is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in God?
What cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love God and neighbor?
What is justifying grace also known as today?
What is another name for being born again?
What did John Wesley originally call the experience of conversion?
What is Sanctifying Grace?
What is that grace of God which sustains the believers in the journey towards Christian Perfection?
What is Christian Perfection?
What is a genuine love of God with heart, soul and mind?
What has been characterized as Arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the Holy Spirit?
What is seeing the Holy Bible as the primary authority in the Church?
Today, which church is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations?
What states that United Methodist theology is at once "catholic, evangelical and reformed?"
When did the General Conference go on record in support of the work of the Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice?
Is the UMC pro-life or pro-choice?
The UMC was a founding member of what coalition?
What are two official bodies of the UMC governing coalition?
The church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry of what group?
The church holds that they are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of whom?
What is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position?
In what year was there an attempt to withdraw the UMC membership?
Who is the president of TUMAS?
Historically, which movement has the Methodist Church supported?
When did the UMC's General Board of Church and Society call on all United Methodists to abstain from alcohol for Lent?
What was the name of Wesley's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking?
What does the United Methodist Church use in the sacrament of the Holy Communion?
The UMC condemns what type of punishment?
The UMC believes that Jesus abolished the death penalty in what Bible verse?
The UMC believes that Jesus repudiated the les talionis in what BIble verses?
What part of the UMC calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment?
The UMC prohibits the celebration of what type of unions?
In what year was the trial of Rev. Jimmy Creech?
In what year was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide?
What is the governing committee that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings?
Many organizations have recently called for broader acceptance of which community?
Many conferences have taking a position by voting in favor of what?
In what year was Rose Mary Denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner?
In what year was Irene Elizabeth Stroud convicted in a church trial?
What group has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate?
What does the UMC oppose as incompatible with the teaching of Scripture?
The church states that, as Christians, they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before God?"
The Church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what?
The UMC maintains that war is incompatible with what?
The Church rejects was as an instrument of what?
What does the UMC endorse under strict and effective international control?
Which task force states that pornography is harmful?
The UMC teaches that pornography is about what?
According to the UMC, persons who are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom?
The UMC supports federal funding for research on embryos created for what purpose?
The UMC supports research on what cells retrieved from umbilical cords?
The UMC stands in oppopsition to the creation of embroys for the sake of what?
What is the revised version of The Book of Common Prayer called?
When did John Wesley provide a revised version of The Book of Common Prayer?
The Sunday Service of the Methodists in North America was a revised version of what book?
In what country does some clergy in the UMC occasionally practice exorcism?
Many liturgies are derived from what book?
Healing services involve the laying on of hands and what else?
What may be named after a biblical figure?
Who is the founder of the Salvation Army?
Who is Methodism's revered founder?
What church is organized into conferences?
What is the only organization which may speak officially for the church?
What book is revised after every General Conference?
What is the highest level of the UMC?
How often does the General Conference meet?
The United States is divided into how many jurisdictions?
How many central conferences are outside of the United States?
What is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences?
Who are the chief administrators of the church?
What consist of one ore more Annual Conferences?
Who makes decisions in between the four-year meetings?
The Mission Council usually consists of whom?
In March 2007, the Mission Council of the South Central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease on how many acres?
Why was the 36 acres leased?
Where is the George W. Bush Presidential library?
How many members make up the Judicial Council?
What is the highest court in the United Methodist denomination?
How long is the term of a Judicial Council member?
How many times a year does The Council meet?
Where does The Council meet?
What is the basic unit of organization within the UMC?
The term Annual Conference is often used to refer to what?
Clergy are members of what group rather than of any local congregation?
What is the guidebook for local churches and pastors?
What is the least number of members a board of trustees can have?
What is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have?
What is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members?
Which committee has the exclusive power to set pastors' salaries?
The UMC established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the U.S.?
How many schools and institutions does the church operate overseas?
Most schools established by the UMC are members of what group?
Who ordained the first Methodist clergy?
Clergy usually serve as what in local congregations?
Elders in full connection are each a member of what?
Each deacon in full connection is a member of what?
What is composed of the Area Provost/Dean ad the several District Superintendents of the Districts in the Annual Conference?
All clergy appointments are made for how long?
No appointment is official fixed until what occurs?
Who is called by God, affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop?
Who appoints elders?
How many years do Elders serve as provisional Elders prior to their ordination?
Who may assign Elders?
Deacons serve a term of how many years as provisional deacons?
Who gives leadership, preaches the Word and conducts marriages, among other duties?
Who assist elders in the sacraments of Holy Communion and Baptism?
What are Deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church?
In what year was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished?
What is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned?
What provided for the creation of new orders known as "provisional elder?"
What is a local pastor's official title?
Who has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment?
How many years must a local pastor attend a course of study at United Methodist approved seminary?
What type of membership will allow local pastors to retire as clergy?
What are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith?
How to Baptized Members become Professing Members?
Name one way in which a person can become a Professing Member?
Unlike confirmation and profession of faith, what is a sacrament in the UMC?
How do students learn about the church?
What directions the local church to offer membership preparation to all people?
What do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes?
Local church and certified are two types of what?
How can someone be recognized as local church lay servant?
How often must local lay servant reapply?
How many courses must a local lay servant take?
What is one tradition within the Christian Church?
What type of status did the UMC vote to seek in the National Association of Evangelicals?
Some in the UMC feel that false ecumenism might result in what?
In what year was the Commission on Pan Methodist Cooperation and Union formed?
When did the UMC enter into full communion with several churches?
Since what year has the UMC been exploring a possible merger with three historically African-American denominations?
At the time of its formation, how many members did the UMC have?
At the time of its formation, how many congregations did the UMC have?
In 2005, approximately how many members were in the UMC?
In 2005, approximately how many congregations were in the UMC?
Which state has the largest number of members?
By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership?
By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership in the U.S.?
By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, what was the total UMC membership overseas?
Which group seeks to reconceive and promote Biblical holiness in today's church?
What is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the Gospel throughout the world?
When did delegates to the World Methodist Council vote to adopt the joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification?"
When was the French and Indian War?
Who fought in the French and Indian war?
How many people were in French North American Colonies?
How many people were in British North American Colonies?
Where was war fought?
How did war start?
When did violence start in war?
When did colonial governors meet with General Edward Braddock about attack on the french?
How successful was initial effort by Braddock?
Why did British operation fail in 1755, 56, 57?
In 1755 what fort did British capture?
What order did British make of French?
Who increased British military resources in colonies?
How much resources were French placing in North America?
Where was France concentraing efforts?
Where were British defeated in Canada?
What territory was ceded to Britain?
What land was ceded to Spain?
What was the significance of British win?
When was King George's war?
What is the confusion of the French and Indian war?
What was the Seven Years War?
What are other alternative names for French and Indian War?
What time framd does the Seven Years War cover?
How long did the fighting last in Seven Years War?
When was Montreal captured?
What was first battle in 1754?
What was French population in North America?
Where were French North Americans settled?
Where did French fur trappers travel?
What was the ratio of British settler to French?
Where did British settlers live?
Where were populations centered in colonies?
In between French and British, what groups controlled land?
What tribes were in Father Le Loutre's War?
Where did Iroquois Confederation control?
What rule did some native live under?
What are the Siouan-speaking tribes?
What areas did French recruit natives from?
What tribes supported British?
What was Frensh military presence at start of war?
How much British military was in North America at start of War?
What was normal British defense?
What was extent of Celeron's expedition?
Who was on Celeron's expedition?
How did Celeron handle business on trip?
How did Natives in Logstown take Celeron's information?
Where did Old Briton call home?
How did Celeron handle meeting with Old Briton?
What was Old Briton's response to Celeron?
How did Celeron feel about Native relations?
How were leaders back in Europe feeling about news from Celeron expedition?
How did William Shirley feel about French advancement?
When did British government give land for development of Ohio Country?
Who was given land by British goovernment for development of Ohio Country?
Who explored Ohio territory in 1750?
What agreement was made for trade with natives and British?
According to agreement between Iroquois and British, where was a strong house to be built?
What was the North American portion of War of Austrian Succession?
What was the end of the War of the Austrian Succession?
What issues were not addressed in the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle?
When a commission reached no decision, what happened?
What Governor in charge of New France died in 1752?
How many were in Langlades expedition?
Was was the plan for Langlades mission?
What was result of French attack of trading centre?
Who took command of French in spring of 1753?
Where did Marin build first fort?
Where was Marin's second fort constructed?
What was Marin's orders?
What native chief travelled to French fort and threatened Marin?
What was William Johnson's role in British military?
What was William Johnson's Iroquois name?
What title did Iroquois give Johnson?
Who was the speaker of the tribal council?
Governon Robert Dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company?
Who did Dinwiddie order to address French in Virginia territory?
Who was added to party as Washington went on the way?
When did Washington reach Fort Le Boeuf?
Who invited Washington to dine with him?
What letter did Washington present to Saint-Pierre?
How did Saint-Pierre respond to Washington?
Why did French feel they had right to Ohio claim?
How many men did Duquesne send to relieve Saint-Pierre?
When did British begin to build fort under William Trent?
What was the fort that was being built to be named?
Upon learning of a French scounting party in the area, what did Washington do?
What were casualties of battle?
Why was Tanaghrisson supporting British efforts?
What was the goal of Braddock's expedition?
When did French learn about Braddock's plans?
How did King Louis XV respond to British plans?
What were British plans against French?
What political response was convening in June/July 1754?
What was the goal of congress?
Was the plan formalized?
What was the importance of the congress?
Who went to Fort Dusquesne in June 1755?
How much success did this expedition with Braddock find?
How many casualties did British get?
What future Revolutionary key figures participated in this attack?
Whose activities were the French able to gain knowledge of?
What difficulties was Shirly having?
Where was Shirey going to be when Fort Oswego was to be attacked?
Who did Shirley leave at Oswego?
Who was New France's governor?
How did Vaudreuil react when Johnson was seen as larger threat?
Who won the battle of Lake George?
Where did Johnson stop?
Where was French withdrawal to?
Who captured Fort Beausejour?
How were British able to cut supplies to Louisbourg?
What other clashes were involved in taking Louisbourg?
After Braddock died, who controlled North American British forces?
In what meeting did Shirley lay out plans for 1756?
What proposed attacks did Shirley plan?
Where was Shirley planning an expedition?
Who was appointed as second in command to Lor Loudoun in 1756?
Who led New France reinforcements in 1756?
When did England formally declare war on France?
Where was there a weakness in British supply chain?
What was the attack on the British weakness?
How much gun powder was destroyed in attack?
What plans of the British did this attach on Oneida Carry set back?
Who refused to act until Loudoun approved plans?
Where did Montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement?
Where did Moncalm slip away to attack, left largely unprotected?
What disagreement did Montcalm and Indians have?
What was Loudoun's plans for 1757?
What was the purpose of Loudoun's troops at Fort Henry?
Who ordered Loudoun to attack Louisbourg?
Given the strength of French forces at Louisbourg, what did Loudoun do?
What troops attacked Fort William Henry in early 1757?
On what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter?
During withdrawal from Fort William Henry, what did some Indian allies of French do?
What was causing New France to have issues with resupplying?
What other reason caused poor supply of New France from a difficult winter?
Where was Montcalm focusing the defense for New France?
What led to Newcastle's fall from power as military advisor?
Who did Abercrombie replace as commander in chief?
Pitt's plan called for what attacks?
How many of the Pitt's planned expeditions were successful?
How many Frenchman won Battle of Carillon?
How many troops were defeated for British in BAttle of Carillon?
What success did Abercrombie gain out of the defeat at Carillon?
What impact did this loss have on Abercrombie?
In 1758 what was duc de Choiseul's plan for focused military efforts?
How successful was the French revised efforts?
What naval battles did France lose in 1759?
Who defeated Montcalm at Quebec?
What was the significance of victory at Forth Niagara for British?
What battle outside Quebec City did British lose in 1760?
What victory at thwarted efforts of French relief ships.
In Sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from Montreal?
What were requests made to British?
What British General negotiated at Montreal?
When did the North American French and Indian War end?
When was the European portion of the Seven Years War complete?
What choice did French have for surrendering land?
Why did France choose to give up continental lands?
How many French colonists were gained by British?
When was the deportation of Acadians?
Where did British resettle many Acadians?
Although some Acadians went to France and other destiantions, what North American city did many move to?
Who issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763?
What was the objective of Royal Proclamation of 1763?
What lands were reserved for natives?
Where did many Spanish Catholic move after British takeover in Florida?
What made Ohio Country vulnerable?
When was Spanish takeover of Louisiana Territory complete?
What natives were displaced by British takeover in Florida?
What did the loss mean to France?
What concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines?
What was the belief that maintaining motion required force?
Who had mathmatical insite?
How long did it take to improve on Sir Isaac Newton's laws of motion?
Who develped the theory of relativity?
What has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces?
What are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard Model?
What is the strongest main interaction?
What is the weakest main interaction?
What are weak and electromatic forces expressions of?
Who provided a philosophical discussion of force?
What was the concept of force an integral part of?
How many elements did Aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of?
Where did Aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements?
What did Aristotle refer to forced motion as?
When were the shortcomings of Aristotle's physics overcome?
Whose work corrected Aristotle's physics in the seventeenth century?
What did objects in forced motion contain according to the late Medieval idea that influence Aristotle?
Who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline?
What force acted on bodies to retard their velocity?
Whose First Law of Motion says that unless acted upon be forces, objects would continue to move at a constant velocity?
What insight of Galileo was associated with constant velocity?
Who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects?
What law connects relative velocities with inertia?
What are the laws of physics of Galileo, in reference to objest in motion and rest?
What doesn't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity?
What path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer?
What sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle?
What applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest.
What concept explains why objects continue in constant motion?
What makes day length constant on Earth?
Who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration?
What do astronaughts experience while in free-fall?
What was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity?
What describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass?
What kind of measurements define accelerlations?
What has an equivalence between mass and space-time?
What is missing a theory on quantum gravity?
In Newton's second law, what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales?
When forces are from the presence of differnet objects, what law gives symmetry?
What law staes that forces are interactions between bodies?
What kind of force does not exist under Newton's third law?
What is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other??
What experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system?
In what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces?
What is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added?
What does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces?
What is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces?
What offers a conceptual definition of force?
How are laboratory measurements of forces determined?
How are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt?
What physical quantities do not have direction?
How do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources?
If you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object, what would you call that situation?
How do you determine the acceleration of a rope when two people are pulling it?
In what conditions were forces first measured historically?
What do forces have with regard to additive quantities?
What is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle?
When forces are acting on an extended body, what do you need to account for motion effects?
What geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force?
Whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to?
If a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast, how many forces can you split the force into?
What do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition?
What are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors?
What can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other?
What can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface?
What is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed?
Static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface?
What makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on?
What can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium?
What force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity?
What equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale?
Objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights?.
Who expounded the Three Laws of Motion?
Who first described dynamic equilibrium?
What does motion at a constant velocity equal?
Who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest?
Where will a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship land according to Aristotle?
Where does a canonball dropped from the crow's nest of a ship actually land?
What occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction?
What directly opposes the force applied to move an object across a surface?
What has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion?
Who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity?
What equation currently decribes the physics of force.
What equation desribed the physics of force before the current Schrodinger equation?
How are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to?
What type of measurements result under Schrodinger equations when using operators instead of Newtonian variables?
What notion keeps it's meaning through both Netonian and Schrodinger physics equations?
What is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another?
What is the principle about relating spin and space variables?
What value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend?
If the apparant force of two fermions is attractive, what is the spin function?
If the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive, what is the spin function?
How are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange?
What is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation?
What is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory?
What diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level?
Matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a Feynman diagram?
How many interactions are all of the universal forces based on?
What nuclear forces only act at short distances?
What force acts between electric charges?
What do gravitational forces act between?
What prohibits atoms from passing through each other?
Who formed the universal theory of gravitation?
In what century was quantum mechanics made?
What kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything?
What type of physics model did Einstein fail to make?
Who identified gravity as a force?
Who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight?
How fast do objects fall on Earth?
Where was the measurment for the standard gravity on Earth taken?
What is an object's mass proportional to at the surface of the Earth?
How might gravity effects be observed differently according to Newton?
What could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the Earth?
What is gravitational acceleration proportional to?
What is included along with gravitational acceration, and mass of the Earth in a formula about rotation about the Earth?
What is used to figure the relative strengh of gravity?
Who made the first to measure value of the Newton Universal Gravitation Constant?
When was the first measurement of the value of the Newton Universal Gravitation Constant?
Who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal?
What planet seemed to buck Newton's gravitational laws?
What planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with Mercury?
What theory accounted for the Mercury problem?
Who came up with the theory of relativity?
Who first showed that Newton's Theory of Gravity was not as correct as another theory?
What theory best explains gravity?
What space-time path is seen as a curved line in space?
What is the derivative of an object's changing momentum called?
In what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time?
What is the time rate of change of electric charge?
What magnetic and electric force acts on a charge?
What is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field?
Whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of?
Who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields?
When did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur?
How many scalar equations were formed into a set by James Maxwell?
How many vector equations did Heaviside and Gibbs reformilate Maxwell's 20 scalar equtions into?
Who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate?
What was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe?
What was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand?
What did electromagnetic theory finally lead to?
What are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena?
What is QED short for?
What is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity?
What actually causes rigidity in matter?
Who was an investor in the Ohio Company? 
Who succeeded Marin as commander of the French forces after Marin died on October 29? 
When did Dinwiddie send a company of 40 men under William Trent to the fort? 
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville Glen? 
What year did the Duke of Newcastle decide to send an army expedition to dislodge the French? 
What was an early political response to the opening of hostilities? 
Who led an expedition to take Fort Duquesne in June 1755? 
What were the activities of Shirley and Johnson? 
When was the Marquis de Vaudreuil noticed Johnson's expedition? 
In what year did Colonel Monckton capture Fort Beauséjour? 
In what year did William Shirley take command of British forces in North America? 
Who replaced Newcastle in January 1756 with Lord Loudoun? 
What was Vaudreuil's ambition to become the French commander in chief? 
When did Abercrombie arrive in Albany? 
What was Loudoun a capable administrator but a cautious field commander? 
How many French irregular forces harassed Fort William Henry in the first half of 1757? 
In what year did Vaudreuil and Montcalm be minimally resupplied? 
Who was the Duke of Cumberland's principal military advisor? 
How many Frenchmen defeated Abercrombie's force in the Battle of Carillon? 
In what year did the duc de Choiseul decide to focus on an invasion of Britain? 
In what year did the British win the Annus Mirabilis? 
In what year did Vaudreuil negotiate a capitulation with General Amherst? 
Who signed the Treaty of Paris on 10 February 1763? 
When did the deportation of Acadians begin? 
When did King George III issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763? 
What country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by Braddock and Forbes? 
Who used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects? 
What is a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms? 
What was Aristotle's view of as an integral part of Aristotelian cosmology? 
What was Galileo Galilei's idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus? 
What does the laws of physics do not change from being at rest? 
What can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion? 
What is the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass? 
What is Newton's Third Law a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects? 
What can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces? 
What are forces classified as as "vector quantities"? 
What is the difference between the magnitudes of the two forces to their sum? 
What can be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other? 
What is the most usual way of measuring forces? 
What was first described by Galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of Aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic? 
What is a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurring in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction? 
What does the term "force" keep its meaning in quantum mechanics? 
What does the Pauli principle relating to the space and the spin variables do? 
What is a mathematical byproduct of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons? 
What are the four fundamental interactions in the universe? 
What was Isaac Newton's universal theory of gravitation? 
What was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton? 
What did Newton realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances? 
What is a dimensional constant used to describe the relative strength of gravity? 
What is the theory that best explains gravity? 
What is a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law? 
Who unified a number of theories into a set of 20 scalar equations? 
What did attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations proved troublesome? 
What is the best known example of the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei? 
The weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons? 
What is the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object? 
What can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless, frictionless, unbreakable, and unstretchable? 
What were Newton's laws and Newtonian mechanics first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects? 
Where is the relevant cross-sectional area for the volume for which the stress-tensor is being calculated? 
What is often due to macrophysical considerations that yield forces as arising from a macroscopic statistical average of microstates? 
What is the pound-force equivalent to?
